CLUSTER 0
Unfortunately, it appears they never received the check and the funds were essentially stolen.I want to reissue the payment to them, but the original payment is still technically paid and reconciled.
Should I just use the Create feature on the reconcile screen against each payment to create a positive and negative payment, without creating an associated bill with attached invoice?ThanksOlly
All I had to do previous to Squareup was match the invoices to the total amount paid to me by the merchant and I was done.Now Squareup is creating it's own invoices on top of the one's I have created when payments come in.
Hi, I’m new to Xero (and new to accounting in general) and I’m scratching my head trying to figure out the best way to handle the accounting for the startup costs for my company.
There are two amounts in the current account that are Paypal transactions, that were transferred over to Paypal Xero account, but these never appeared on the Paypal (website) account, so there is nothing to reconcile it with.
but I want the prepayment to say $500.00I know its possible to do it somehow because pennypipe can do it with Stripe payments?Can anyone point me in the right direction?Thansk Ian
I am trying to setup an account so as to allocate the dividends the company receives from listed share investments in Australia.Dividend Income Is it GST Free and BAS excluded.
I often receive funds in which pays off multiple invoices for the same client, at the moment I go into each invoice and mark of individually - can I mark off more than one at a time?many thanks :)
The regular Sales Tax rates in Xero are setup so that the customer invoice will include taxes so the total amount due is the sales price plus taxes.
Firstly there are the merchant fees to account for, and secondly whilst I can easily reconcile 1 payment to a few invoices, I cannot reconcile many payments to a single invoice.
the data showing up in the feed is different from what is displayed when data is exported through any other mechanism.For example, with our Westpac data feed, the description of the transaction is displayed in the "Payee" field.
Maybe not.For others though maybe this thread would be a good place to throw your creative uses of Tracking Categories and others can learn a thing or two.
Hi, I invoice customers and some pay by cash which goes into my wallet, I dont bank it..but In xero I need mark the invoice as paid so that I can pay GST and tax.
Bank feeds and bank rules look like a great way to automate some of this process, but it looks like the bank feed only does the first 500 transactions.
I am trying to look at invoices for the date paid to see how long it took to decide if a customer should go on stop or not & am having to scroll through loads of stuff before I can find the invoices.
It would be great to be able to use the Invoice reminder tool to also include hyperlinks, so that a client can just click on a link and it would take them to an external site.
When I make a payment to the credit card from the bank account and use the "transfer" tab I would like to be able to store the bank generated statement with the payment.
Hey Xero!One area that I'd love you to focus on next is in the area of customer records, specifically adding the ability to add custom fields to each record.
HI we have moved accross to 100% Xero and that lack of attention being given to the workpapers is unacceptable, More Improvments and FastAlot of improvements are needed to make them more user friendly.
I think Xero is great but why can't we have just the basic package like the $50 per month without all the add-ons  which a lot of Xero customers do not want or need.!!!
When auto uploading the Master credit card file for ALL credit card transactions (we use Barclaycard) it is not possible to identify which transaction relates to which credit card.
At present, even though the Chart of accounts shows as GST free, and the item was set up as GST free, when it is put into the invoice, it shows GST inclusive.
The quotes and invoices I include these on only make the links 'clickable' when viewing as a PDF and would be so handy to have this feature when viewing online as the links are there but are just text and don't link anywhere.
When processing a supplier's invoice  for inventory that has been supplied on our behalf to a customer, is it possible to have the 'individual' job code enter automatically for each line, instead of having to manually  enter it.
Hi there,Does anyone else think it could be useful to be able to be able to group items (particularly by reference/invoice number) in the GST audit report?
Although the VAT is 20% on purchases I often find that the actual amount may be a few pence out on what Xero has calculated, compared to the invoice or receipt I have received from the supplier.
I would suggest that instead of trying to implement each feature requests it would be much better to take them all in and consider reengineering the whole expense claim function.
We want to see a feature that will allow us to allocate a credit note to multiple invoices in one click rather than having to manually enter the amount against each invoice.
Unless I am missing something, there doesn't seem to be a way of forcing users to change their password every (say) 28 days.Being an accounting system that seems odd?
Our third batch of invoices each year is sent out 2 months before the end of our financial year however, we want to register the revenue in the subsequent financial year.
The employee needs to file 2 tax returns, one in MN and one in WI, but on the payroll side, it is the exact same as if the employee lived and worked in MN.
I understand at the moment re-running RTI submissions have to be done manually by the support team so it would be great if we were unable to run a payroll with these type of simple errors in them.
When I select and approve these days, the holiday says it has used 4.8 hours (not 8) as it is assuming that the 12 hours per week is over 5 days.
We also have different addresses to invoice to within the same client and I can't find any way to tackle this, without setting each department up as a new customer (which then affects account statements).
when I hit create draft invoice button the wheel turns forever and nothing is created.Tried multiple browsers despite the fact it has worked in the past.
What I am now left with is two transactions ($282.50 and $1900.00) in the bank feed that are needing to be reconciled but I am having difficulty with the best way to do this in XeroAppreciate your input.PK
On the new profit and loss report you can select the tracking  category (job number), and this layout is perfect - but from what I can see, you would have to do that for every tracking item and we have 40 or so.
There are going to be other times when I want to do this, and currently I'm having to cobble information together.Isn't there a way for me to run a report that shows all the payments to that supplier, along with the invoices and credit notes?
However, i THEN found out / noticed I needed to enter in starting balances etc etc to begin with and I basically didnt do this...  1/ Ive basically done the following.
I have downloaded and amended the template to read <<contactstreetaddress>> and also tried <<contactphysicaladdress>> but it always defaults to the postal address and shows accounts payable.Any ideas?ThanksGraham
Hi Guys, When entering a batch payment and going to export the batch file, I'm not able to enter the payee's bank account number as the field is greyed out.
For instance, some of the quotes I provide offer upsells which the customer is not entitled to accept but at present would have have to ask me to remove and resend the quote before they can accept it.Thanks, Simon
So if my invoice has 30 lines but I have missed a step in line 19 - I have to delete 19 onwards, insert the missing line & then retype lines 19-30
Possibly there is somewhere to look to see a service or tech message in relation to the service being down, but we do not know where this is.RegardsDave McQuoid | Branch ManagerDogMaster Trainers NZ LTD.
I currently have to categorise them as something else (usually travel - taxi) and then wait until I can get on a laptop to edit them into the correct categories.If these could be added it would be amazing!
I know that you can make a line item inclusive of GST but one of my clients wants the see the GST as a separate line item.Can someone help please??
In my old accounting system, when I reconciled my credit card account, I coded all gasoline purchases to a fictitious vendor called Gasoline just to make things simple.
For instance if the main income statements is Oct 1 - Oct 31, when I click open the detail it changes the dates to Sept 30 - Oct 30.
But, they do not convert accurately to Xero due to the QB method of reconciliation, which sets the cleared date to the date of the transaction rather than the date it actually cleared the bank.
I realise there is a way to go back and add the scanned invoice to a bank transaction, but is there a way to report on all bank transactions without invoices attached?Thanks
Should I be adding it somewhere else or doing something else to get this working?Sorry for the stupid question, I'm sure it's very basic, but unfortunately I just can't get it working for some reason.Steve
Now you need to go back to your CSV and manually assign an Asset Type to each and every asset - or you can import the list and manually register each asset like we previously had to.
EFTAt the moment we are having to use clearing accounts which can get messy & take time to reconcile if something isn't quite right.Look forward to your feedback.Thanks
Allow a part payment option in the reconciliation page to tag a deposit as part payment of an nvoice instead of having to leave reconciliation and open the invoice separately.
2) Personal payments of expenses are considered regular expenses - no expense claims, and just implicitly considered as money going into the business, but no other special handling here.Thoughts?
I'm not sure if its just my copy that displays this wrong, but when I send an invoice to the client, I sent a copy to my email address.When I click on the invoice link, it doesn't give the option where I can pay.
The date field is divided into three sections - day, date and year - and only one section can be active at a time, which makes it impossible to paste in a complete date.
Under the Act, the person who has served the payment claim is called the payee.If you do not respond to the payment claim promptly, you may lose your right to object to the payment claim.
Every month we raise multiple sales invoices to this client, and receive multiple purchase invoices from them.I have read the guides on how to contra / offset single invoices.
I just added page numbers in the footer of my custom docx invoice template but the resulting page number only shows on the first page of multi-page invoices.
I now want to reconcile just two of these payments to the corresponding sales invoices but cannot find a way to reconcile only part of this received amount and not the whole amount, is this possible?
Whenever it downloads a 'transfer' transaction (where money has been moved from our paypal account into our company cheque account) the transaction appears twice on the Xero-downloaded statement.
I'm getting stuck because I can't see a way to do that.Are my only options to:a) upgrade at cost for this one paymentb) do a rough conversion to UK punds and enter that in the expense claim?Matthew
I see an adjustments tab in the GST report, but that seems to relate to the change from 12.5% to 15%.I would just like to have everything in one place.ThanksBrett
For now they seem more concerned with larger markets such as the UK.I would therefore encourage you to contact Xero and keep pressure on them to get the feeds activated for your bank accounts.
Expense and liability balances look right.BUT only the PAYGW amount is showing on the Activity Statement report.The amount for Gross Pay at W1 shows nil.
What the MD is querying is why if the employee is salary sacrificing wages into super, why the wages account on the p/l still shows the gross value and not the net value.
when checking back to Deputy the information was correct,  when check it to Xero time sheets the information is correct however when we post a pay run the information has changed.
Next Pay Run Date shows as 25th April - I only ever want to have a pay run done on last day of the month - how do I set this to be so?2.
The Directors draw a regular wage but only wish to take in cash half their net entitlement and lend the other half back to the company to assist with cash flow.
Xero does not recognise.I have tried to add a new transaction and put it under wages and salaries, but it doubles up on that figure when I checked reports.Any ideas would be appreciated.Dean
A problem was encountered which prevents syncing of the two...This message appears in TSheets when trying to export time:  Pay Period is ClosedUnable to export to the selected period.
In the payroll setup, I can see a place to add deductions, but I have to select a "type" and none of the options is right - mostly employee benefits like retirement and insurance.
I have assigned the Holiday Group to the employee, processed a pay run that included the timeframe for the holiday, however, nothing shows up on the payroll run for holiday pay.
Managed to work things out by reading pages and pages of community posts and guide pages (not what you want when your staffs pay is due and you are panicking about sending the FPS in!
However after contacting Xero support it appears that this isn't possible at all and in fact there isn't a method for employees accruing holiday for every hour they work AND having an annual schedule for it to run from and until.
Had issues last month also, but only recently started using the xero payroll function, so didn't know if this is something I can expect to encounter regularly.Many Thanks
We've a new temp student starter who is with us for the summer - I incorrectly coded them as NI code I, when they should be NI code M.Last month's payroll was run and paid.
Any tips?Debtze is an intelligent, automated cash & debtor management add-on for Xero that helps business owners focus on the things they need to see daily.
Any tips?A powerful cloud salon software to manage & grow your business from a single owner operator to a chain starting from an insane price of under $1/day.
Could this be done via manual journal to cancel it out?I found this discussion of the same problem but the original poster didnt think in the same way of just cancelling out the duplicate sales.
Has anyone else had issues with connecting iZettle to Xero?My client has tried different browsers, but each time she tries to connect, iZettle says she doesn't have a Xero account,  which she does.
Have tried a couple like GeoOP but they seem overly complicated what the simple tasks we need.So firstly abit about our business and how it runs so you get an idea of what we need and why.
Hi,I work for a training and development company and we’re looking at the possibility of purchasing a new event management software and want one which would be compatible with Xero.
is a user-friendly app that streamlines your business' goods inwards process, seamlessly connecting front of house to back of house- the delivery dock to admin.
We use Xero without any plugins at the moment and it works fine for our normal business.We will be bringing out a streamlined service that needs more automation to keep costs low.
"I have found that the integration between LEAP & Xero has saved me so much time in my practice, less time on finance admin means I have more time for my clients - which is better for everyone!"
This is clunky to maintain and obviously does not integrate with Quickbooks.Xero seems like a very UI friendly alternative but we need some type of add on to make it worth the switch.
Client currently inputs till reports for each day into an excel spreadsheet which breaks sales into various cost centre and shows expenses paid from the till.
Hi,We are big fans of RB but the function in Xero where you click on the attachment icon and a fast "quick preview" of the scanned invoice pop's up has stopped working.
?My adviser says this cannot be altered If that's the case then unfortunately you will be loosing a newly signed up customer after all it is a form of discrimination against the disabledSo your'e feedback here is a resounding Terrible !!
Due to the wrong numbers our customers accounting system can't proccess this invoice correctly -> they can't pay (it's a large corporation, asking them to adjust manually doesn't work and they don't care).
Just had a recent family emergency that kept me away from work for 2 weeks and could STILL do all the urgent stuff so it wasn't painful being unable to get away from the family.
For anyone in the food industry (we have a grocery store) this is a pretty serious issue since many invoices from suppliers will include items that are subject to GST and items that aren't.
Banks there serve companies from all corners of the earth; companies that could make good use of a multi-national and flexible Cloud based accounting system.
The community could learn better: "Even though you've been sitting in line a year, the average time of your request at current voting threshold is 5 Years.
CLUSTER 1
Statistics NZ would like you to take part in the trial, which starts later in June.
It would be great when invoicing on our mobiles that the default due date comes up like it does on computers!
When a Payroll Aprprover is approving leave they need to know if the employee has enough leave both now and in the future.
CLUSTER 3
Why are they showing under "unpaid expense claims" code 801 ?
Members request my services and they pay me in trade dollars.
Make a separate field for the "make payable to" and "send to."
on my dashboard and to maybe do a very simple setup for ecommerce that I can follow.
I received this message this morning when trying to access Reports.
CLUSTER 5
For example if for one client invoice I list 8 visits at $25 each I get a total for the invoice but Id like to somehow add up all these visits so I know how many I did for all clients total.
So it's like they are separate acnts for the purposes of paying and receiving funds but they are collated as a whole in terms of the reports etc.Hope that makes sense :-)Thanks
I started to utilise the Expense Claim function and it was great, however my accountant has advised me this function is faulty and not to use it and revert back to a manual system to record these.
When the "save button" is pressed, the whole page should stay in the same place ready for the cursor to be pressed immediately however the boxes/text etc.
The system should search by the first letter of all the words in the name, not just the first one.We have big clients that have the same name but different business units, and therefore, we have to invoice each business unit separately.
The HELP instructions don;t bear any resemblance to the actual operations.Trying to delete 2 credit card accounts, but there is no "ACCOUNT OPTIONS" button as the HELP suggests.
Hi Xero,I missed the September monthly product update and was hoping to watch a recording, but can't seem to find it on the re-designed Xero U web site.Please can you share the link to this.
CLUSTER 7
Thoughts on this are greatly appreciated as well!
These charities are registered of course.ThanksK
I'm totally new to all this and appreciate the help.
But Xero shares  the sequence numbering.
At present all the other columns sort into order.
Can be "so easy to make more mistakes" me thinks.
With regard to the starter business edition.
Here you will enter all of the exact same information you just entered.
No inventory was recorded against it, it was just a total amount.
Any tips?Tallie does the most expense work for you!
When bill is approved the tax is posted.
being all of the inventory transactions which makes sense.
They then convert the same to a PDF before submitting to their clients.
When it comes to Debt Collection - Xero where are you.
CLUSTER 8
It was a trivial discrepancy, but irksome.
I don't see a way to do this in Xero.
Am I going about this the right way?
Not sure if Xero are aware of this??
Thanks for the opportunity to communicate this.
I cannot see how to do this in XERO.
I want to delete it but I can't find where to do this.
There must be an easier way to do this...
I can't find this, not sure where to look.
First Phar Lap and now this!
Currently it's rather useless.
CLUSTER 10
However they often do not match exactly to a certain number of invoices, can you part allocate a payment to an invoice, leaving a remaining balance to clear off with the next invoice.
My issue is when you then look at the credit memo both the quantity and unit price are negative values which is not the case when you manually create a credit memo via the web interface.
We are reviewing the data exported from H&L (POS) and we noted that the date for invoices coming through into Xero is the date they were actually entered into our POS, not the date that was entered as the invoice date.
CLUSTER 11
She uses Xero and has now "enrolled" me as an Adviser.
That way my expenses are reflective of when they relate.
My sources of income are quite diverse.
The business is just myself and one other employee at the moment.
When we enter the allowance, KiwiSaver is calculated on the same.
I think I can do this with tracking, but I'm not sure how exactly to do so.
The w-2's will download as all employees .
CLUSTER 13
Just looking for the proper way to handle this.
We'd love to develop everything at once - but it can't be done.
I cant do this until I talk to my accountant as she manages.this.
Just trying to figure out the most efficient way to do this.
I'm from California, btw.I appreciate all the help.
All deliveries are done internally by their own truck.
CLUSTER 15
Hi,I click to approve my invoices, but keep getting the "tax amount" column appearing.Also at the bottom of the invoice this line appears -  "includes Adjustments to Tax".I only get this error from templates held in the drafts folder.If I start a new invoice fresh, and enter line after line, I have no problem.
I went to invoices paid and went through all the amounts paid on that day and still no missing invoice.Does anyone have an idea of how I can locate this missing Paid Invoice which would correspond with the Batch payment?Thanks in advance.
CLUSTER 16
The invoice from the contractor is only sent on completion.
There are work-arounds (e.g.
what is entered as the invoice description when posting).
"But that's after I have put all the details in again for a second time.
Basically the only thing that changes is the date.
These are recurring - so I would class it as a bill.
They are a fixed amount per month.
CLUSTER 20
Hi,Is someone able to give me / or point me in the direction of setting up stock purchase / Inventory in Xero...for dummies!I see there are some enhancements happening (https://community.xero.com/business/discussion/159720/)But where do I start?
When a file is uploaded via email, a message appears in Xero telling me that it has arrived.It also appears on every other user for the organisation.We have several hundred clients, if they were to start uploading files, I will be told about each and every upload.Can we please set what notifications/messages we would like to receive.Many Thanks
Can anyone give me the absolute idiots guide?And question 2...I also intend to use the onesaas ebay integration as xero's paypal feed does not seem to pull in any of the transaction information from paypal.I do use paypal a lot for buying stock, paying other expenses etc as well as transfering money to my main account.
I would like to use Budget Manager more but am finding it quite inflexible in terms of the time framesOur financial year starts in July...so say in mid December what I want is a report that shows actuals for July-Nov and then our forecast of costs and revenue for Dec-June.
100KB, 500KB, 1MB, whatever makes sense technically), whether the compression happens when the logo is uploaded or when the PDFs are generated.I went to a lot of effort to get a logo I was happy with: I want it to look good!
Hi,An employee regularly works Monday to Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.She took annual leave for a week I thought they were subject to leave loading (17.5%).However regarding Saturday general retail award says:'17.5% or the relevant weekend penalty rates, whichever is the greater but not both.
Hi,Just checked HMRC Paye and apparently there are no details of any employee's registered at the company, nor does it show any RTI notices however Xero says it's been accepted.I downloaded the basic Paye tool from HMRC and this lists no employee's either, have i missed something?
The support answers go unanswered and my accountant, who has let the subscription lapse and then has gone on leave and is uncontactable.Feeling a little powerless here to fIx it and I am unable to manage my small business finances without access to my account.Has anyone else had this problem and how did it get fixed?
CLUSTER 21
The Batch Payment description is always "Payment:multiple items" it should also include whatever was entered in the Details field to give extra insight into the batch when searching.
If we schedule electronic payments online for future dates and/or write checks for future payments and then enter all transactions within the correct bank account, the Xero balance for the bank account does not reflect the balance after those transactions.
CLUSTER 25
Can it be "turned off"?
what is the problem with that?
CLUSTER 26
It happens.
Then we paid it.
CLUSTER 29
Click the Add Payment button.
I am putting in my expense, but all of my codes are not listed.
Credit transactions are fed just fine.
I can currently only add files to transactions.
But there is no way to split the transfer accordingly.
As we have spent more, how do we proceed to account for this invoice?
CLUSTER 30
I have two customers which are sister companies.
I need the ability to do 'delayed charges'.
Using the '' link is not available when using .
But Xero doesn't allow me to enter it that way.
All activity for the chosen period, and2.
I loved the way that quickbooks used to do this.
The gross and net payment amounts6.
We currently use Mypaye, which does the job.
Is this an option that will happen in the near future?
I will let you know if u are shaping up.
CLUSTER 32
It slows us down.
He said "all the content".
CLUSTER 33
Until I reached the payment above.
I can't get it to work.
Never used to do this.
What can I do to get this resolved?
CLUSTER 34
I pay it.
It's just carzy.
CLUSTER 35
It can only be changed to another code.
), which is then deducted from the proceeds of the sale.
All other programs are working perfectly.
Actually just the way Xero does it.
Make the move, you'll be very glad you did.
CLUSTER 36
I edit all the field I want to be kept.
These businesses are setup as Tracking categories.
I am not able to track who the invoice was sent to.
I use the inbox feature all the time.
It would be useful to be able to do this for all transactions at once.
Nope, Xero won't allow me to do this either.
The service address (where it is different from the default)  i.
We uploaded all the cutomers to xero (4500).
CLUSTER 37
The $3,000 which funded the account was transferred from our checking account.
I've just reconciled a transaction account but there's no little tick for that account on the dashboard.
Hi, I'm not using payroll, but 'pay run' in the 'accounts' file.
At the moment you can only import a reference for the whole invoice, rather than for each line.
The financial year-end is 30 September and I would start now.
What I'm trying to figure out is how do I keep track of expenses by client when they are not being reimbursed?
But in the wait for these credit cards and checking accounts,  i had to buy equipment.
We have to buy exam papers for a number of our courses and this again can be a significant amount.
When we first set up our business we had all payments going to our personal account.
we have already credited back the customer, but now I can not reconcile the bank statement.
Once a month I withdraw all the funds as a bulk payment into my bank account.
We are in the Atlanta area, but that doesn't necessarily mean we need someone from Atlanta.
I know how to do this one item at a time through Options/New Adjustment.
Apologies if this has already been asked.My Ltd company is based in the UK.
But I cannot add the transactions manually to make it possible to reconcile them.
I need to reconcile the account but I'm not 100% sure what account to allocate it too.
In which case what would be the more suitable way of coding these?Thanks for your help!
i paid a deposit to a seller but due to an issue, the deposit was refunded to me.
eWay interfaces with MEMNET, so that payments are recorded in MEMNET as they are processed.
But unless i take up the $25K shortfall his budget expenses are understated...
but the invoice will still say for $100, and it's making reconciliation a pain.
Does it affect anything if i choose to reconcile the GST in a different way??
Do I need to import all the data from day 1 or can I just begin from today?
Does anyone know whether it's possible to customise the Bill template?
The first month shows a correct opening and closing balance.
Hi All,Looking to switch to Xero and I'm now investigating the Accounts Receivable.
I know I can have tracking categories that are a sub category of a 'head' category.
We cannot use the batch payment function in the foreign currencies.
Remove and Redo all the posted expenses and then utilize Cash Coding?
I am cash coding and want to memorize transactions not unlike what you can do in Banklink.
The problem is, when I delete them it gives me a negative opening balance of -6000.
He has them proceded to enter his expenses onto Xero using the app.
There are seven drafts showing and all but the most current draft have been filed in Xero.
Archiving doesn't help, as the amounts still show in the report.Any ideas?
I think that I selected the option to untick entries, but they have all disappeared from the system.
I have some invoices where a payment has been received for one of the line items, but not the others.
The Xero team have proposed the following, but I'm not sure if that's the best approach.
Not asking about the application of the law, but about the process of correctly entering this in Xero.
Does anyone have experience with this, and can advise on what would be the best option for us?
I've been using the Xero Touch (iOS) to send invoices to customers.
We currently capture all the expenses on excel and than add them to invoices by manually.
These are essentially the same type of transaction but are showing up differently because they were manually imported.That's all for now.
Is this possible?I read over some of the documentation but I wasn't able to get a definitive answer.
This is the account I should be using when I take cash out of the bank account, correct?
I have also checked that the correct code is applied to Royal Mail and it is.
When is something going to be done about the issue of bank feeds being duplicated?
Paypal issued the money back but now its showing in Xero as a debit.
I went into one of the customers and I can see the invoice but no evidence of it sending.
It's not clear how to do this when you import a bill using a csv file.Thanks
I can not see an option to create a Pro forma invoice to customers?
When entering the inventory item, the GST % shows up, but not the account 'freight'.
I am struggling to work out the best way to enter small receipts.
Means that we would owe a bill but the items already in inventory.
Hi,I am winding down a company which I use XERO to manage the accounts for.
I tried the expense claim but it wants a payment date etc.
Instead, I'd like the discount amount to be coded to an account in Xero.
The imported transactions, which are all payments, are showed as received money, is that right?
Previously in MYOB I put it to an inventory account, but Xero doesn't seem to have this.
I've read the Guide, but it didn't do a lot to juice my creativity on things to track.
The rates we get from them are far better than the services offered.ThanksJason
At the moment we run reports in XPM and import manually into MailChimp.
At the moment, this is not an option when calling up large number of sales invoices.
I would to create a report for each contact which includes the GST amounts?
I love Zero, but find the reporting is so lacking compared to other programs.
But to now make us search for the TFN as well is a bit much.
Can you add Custom and Draft options to Reports Menu dropdown?
Can this feature be added to XPM to increase productivity in managing documents?
I've posted a link below to this page where you can start a new feature request."
Reminder should get send frequently when the date of the leave is closer.
When a person shoses sales by item, the default is to the current month.
Does anyone know when the "New Reports" will be accessible via the Dashboard?
Currently, you have no option but to enter new categories at the bottom of the list.
In order to change these you have to go to the group search for the contact and then remove them.
Currently the match tab for sales invoices only shows:1.
This would able a quick confirmation that the rule is allocating correctly
The workflow really needs to improve.For example, I approve all invoices.
Create the ability for users to control which email alerts they will and will not get.
At the moment, there is no report that makes use of the Contact Account Number.
To be able to add other reports to the standard Management Report packs?
Can this been changed so that the online version shows the exact same view as what they print?
It would be helpful if the account from which the item was paid was also displayed.
When a PayPal statement is imported, it has a column specifying the currency of transaction.
Once I approve an invoice, the section called "Add Payment" appears.
I'd love to see the ability to restrict user access by tracking.
I believe this is also confirmed from the online training on getting started.
Makes it look like the reports our of our own firm, rather than our clients!
Even better if we can pick which fields to show on the report.Thanks!!
To add a task feature to Xero to remind you what needs to be done when.
When you use "tab" the cursor should be automatically in this location - some areas it still is not.
Especially if they aren't paid as often as the bank removes them from payee list.
I'm always deleting them when setting up Xero so that the client doesn't accidentally select it!
If I 'select all on this page', the 'Split' link does not appear in the correct column.
I currently need to do a journal to include the depreciation at year end.
As we deal with customers properties the address are often what we use to differentiate between them.
Could there be a way to use the default company as selected in My Xero?
The accounting system we migrated from to Xero used to allow this function.
I can CHANGE the date, but I can't select "-" and go back to the empty field that it was.
The solution seems to me quite easy to implement (though I am not a programmer)
Need to be able to choose which contact for the company to use on invoices.----
For 1 days vacation the employee is able to override the figure.
All holiday pay from employees paid this way are automatically coded here.
Some people might think that all they need to do is download the file to their computer.
The payroll administrator enters all timesheets, rather than the employees entering their own.
The main thing I'm checking here is that bills are coded to the correct account.
I want to send a client a report that shows my invoices to them and if/when they paid them.
This will then allow them to pay the correct amount and I then have to remove the fake payment.
Some stores calculate tax to the second decimal, others to the fourth.
(That of course is my down payment amount, which I have yet to enter, and maybe is the issue?
A couple of sales that have been paid and some expenses that I have receipts for but nothing to reconcile them against.
How can I add an additional name and email address to multiple contacts?
In order to be somehow compliant to the legislation, we need few customisations, mentioned below.
When I check on my income statement, the same item shows up twice which adds up.
Setup a loan account to add the amount loaned to employees3.
However, this is very challenging when you want to correct the spelling or structure of the name.
Also how can i issue 1100 dollars invoice to our client.REgardsGirish
Votes can help the team prioritise, but they're not the only factor the team consider.
But invoice is paid.Now we would like to refund only the tax amount.
could you please check, why our client are not receiving emails from xero?
How can you check or select the method in which an invoice was paid for e.g.
At our company I want to give the Read Only role to our managing director.
I want the email to come from accounts and all the reply's to come from accounts too?
Hi all,I'm in the process of setting up Xero for an E-commerce business.
My client has entered transactions after the year end but before I locked the dates.
They have opened another account with the same bank but it is linked to a different login.
When I enter an expense claim into the system, it is totally visible to my login.
The problem with this is that the company has a large volume of clients and revenue lines.
I've seen mentions of a "print" button, but there are no print buttons in sight.
We renew these each year, and again no 'invoice' or 'bill' is issued prior to the renewal.
I know how to do it in MYOB but I can't reverse them in Xero.Their books are on an cash basis.
I've tried creating an  invoice, but still can't match the overpayment to anything.
However, I could not see them when I go to the bank reconciliation function.
They then chase the debt and take a small percentage which I pay monthly.
When marked as paid the Canadian PayPal account is also referenced.
Meanwhile the income shows as needing to be reconciled when I do my reconciliation report.
I'm getting really frustrated with the way Xero handles Paypal.
Stupid, right?Now, I have three bank transactions and one invoice.
We're willing to pay for assistance with this if it can be done properly.Thanks for any insight!
The only account I have that will allow international wires is my personal brokerage account.
I triggered a sync 45 minutes ago and it's still "Syncing Now".
Under the old system, I used to be able to process expenses in bulk.
Problem is it is showing an amount in the opening balance as follows when it should be nil.
Why are manual journals not included in Activity Statement on Cash Basis?
I see in some posts that this is done automatically once the first asset is imported.
I bought some advertising from Facebook Ireland Ltd, who are located in Dublin.
go to the sent folderI had to email it to my self, any way around this?
I'm writing from Poland, where the VAT law is very complicated and rules are restrictive.
Hi all.I am in the process of switching from sage to Xero and all in all its going smoothly.
I found a bug when adding attachments to account entries when reconciling.
We're having a tough time with Xero - trawling the forums before we move elsewhere...
The company I work for has two separate Xero instances which were subdivisions.
but not for something that happened before the price change.Can I have my problem resloved please?
So I figured I would add them to the "Customers" group but, strangely, that's not an option.
Then I wanted to import my Vendors  but they would get mixed in with the other contacts.
I want to change the order in which accounts appear on my dashboard board.
I run a consultancy whereby our standard agreements are prepaid - i.e.
Part of my itemising is that I need to provide a date the service was provided.
Last 6 months I am trying to understand Xero and failed.
How can i keep a record related to every single project ?i.e.
I try to run the return for the previous month but get the same message.
I know there are work arounds using standard purchase orders.
I want to post a purchase invoice, but there is no space for my own reference of the invoice.
They are paid @ 0.44 cents per km driven.
MYOB offer this service, admittedly this must be paid for but then it is up to the consumer.
Do we need to tick if the person is on 457 visa or temporary resident.
The employee is marked as in the appropriate state holiday group, Victoria.
HiI need to lodge an amended payment summary with the ATO.
I am trying to do my pays but I am missing employees when I try and do a pay run???
What effect does this have on the time sheets then?I hope that makes sense.ThanksMichelle
I have set up an allowance for a staff member and it does not show up in the total pay.
Can you please advise what I need to do to be able to make the leave accrue.
Can someone please advise how to go about paying out unused leaves?
The payroll activity summary report for an individual does not include their NAME!!
Especially when I have employees who are due the same amount but paid on different days.
Is it because it shows pending?So does that mean we manually subtract it from their net pay.
But when I approve the timesheet it automatically changes the hours in the pay run.
Therefore the pay amount is a commission that is not the same amount every month.
BTW: I attempted to reverse the paycheck, but I'm not sure what happened exactly.
We are now manually calculating and filing our quarterly taxes, but we can't record them in Xero.
Again, the response is that they are working on it, but it can't be done before the end of the month/end of the quarter.
Also, what Federal Services electronic are available?Thanks,Dave
Ran payroll for a week in which the sole employee was off and didn't receive any pay.
I've tried using the unpaid time off but it doesn't allow me to put in an amount.
The figure they are showing for month 3 is significantly more than what we have submitted from Xero.
They are going to work again this summer, but I can't find any way to reinstate their employment.
My RTI submission failed, when I know all the log in details were correct.
Please explain this decision and tell us when you are going to fix it.
Yet when we go to do the taxes/filing it only shows it at 10.5%.
Hi , an employee wants to cash out his balance of holiday pay, how can I do it?
it seems to be it's locked, I can't change it at all, even if I go to Pay Template.
Any tips?Slice and dice your Xero data the way you like.
In a matter of days you are fully functional on Xero with transaction history.
Any tips?Promis connects your accounting system to that of your business partners.
This means that everything is integrated and stored within the one system.
Fully online and keeps you compliant with all the relevant legislation, now and in the future.
Any tips?The easiest way to run your promotional products business.
Any tips?Simple cash flow forecasting and budgeting in the cloud.
Fully online and keeps you compliant with all the relevant legislation, now and in the future.
TheirRef*MyRef but I can't see a way to report on "all purchases with no * in the reference".
I would like to have her do more of the purchasing as well and I was hoping for advice on how to do this with workflow.
The client clicks on the link and is taken straight to the timesheet for the employee.
Do you have any experiences with these and which Apps would you recommend for the purposes?Thanks in advanceDavid
does anyone (or has anyone) using Xero set up the superstream yet?
I can't think of a good reason to have all this piecemeal sales data in Xero.
I have had a look through the add on marketplace but cant really see anything.
I had a quick look through the add-ons for costings but most seem too complicated???
, how do we do it in minutes for you.If you have any query related to this, feel free to write back.
Ive submitted the question to pocketrent but perhaps someone can help.
Simpro seems tailored towards trade and service contractors.
The name does not get passed through to eWay correctly e.g.
Wondering if anyone has tips and tricks they've learned along the way?
And why can't it be easier to receive payments for multiple invoices or payments on account?
To begin with the response time was ok, but now I'm actually having to wait ages, and I'm OVER IT!!
I really took my time to do this because I am very invested in getting this problem fixed.
We will then want to pass the invoice data to Xero for record and reconciliation.
I hear that the chat is not available very often... any news on when this will change?ThanksEmily
Why do you not publish a support desk tel no so I can talk to someone?regardsJohn
You used to be able to tab through the header fields into the coding rows.
There's currently no way to attach PDF files when you email an invoice.
By the way, I'm using version 1.1.0.31.
I tried yesterday and today in multiple files and the button does nothing.
I am unsure if clients are receiving them so am reluctant to repeatedly action the send.
CLUSTER 40
Other than a manual check against an externally saved budget is conducted, there would be no way to know if changes are made and who has made them.
We'd be keen to see Worldpay integration so that customers can pay an invoice via our Worldpay account with a single click.
Currently when viewing a timesheet you need to return to the previous page and imput the required filters to find the right timesheet.
There is also situations where the associated payroll taxes for Officers needs to be split out as well, however, for me I haven't needed to do this with my clients, but I know some who do.
I currently gather together all of the hours and work out the overtime for the bookkeeper, they run them in Sage payroll, send me the figures and I pay them.
CLUSTER 41
both are set up in our Xero account.
Seriously, get it together.
CLUSTER 43
(Just 3, 6, 9, 12) it was extra work for me to do end of year forecast when I had 11 months actual data.Thanks XERO team...
Hi, It might be a feature already but is there a way while your doing a pay run where you can view a report that shows you a tally of the hours per employee.
CLUSTER 45
My main income in the past has been from carpentry, but I am setting myself up to do cabinetmaking and joinery - the main difference in terms of accounting being that I now have to deal with inventory and consumables.I don't want to track inventory.
Could BAS and IAS be two separate titles?Secondly 8B no longer shows on the AS which may lead to confusion for our clients.
We reconcile Xero leave requests against leave taken by all staff each week as we process the payroll, to check that the leave is accounted for before we begin the pay run.
I would really like to take advantage of the live feeds and save myself a TON of time, but I cannot find a way to fix this is settings for the account.Help?
An employer is required to pay super into a default fund if an employee does not provide their super fund details or is new to the workforce and does not have an existing fund.
CLUSTER 46
What would be a better solution?-I make the payment to "Bob" in paypal- In Xero, I create a bill in the "expense" category from "Bob" for $500-I go to my business bank account and transfer $500 to my Paypal-Then when that $500 shows up to reconcile, I "match" it to the outstanding bill.Is this wrong headed of me?
My client creates and receives invoices with multiple transaction lines, and each line requires the tracking/project code to be selected, which has resulted in human error.Could a select box be added to the purchase and sales invoice screen, which would allow all transactions listed to be allocated to a tracking code.
CLUSTER 48
I guess it's neither?
Am I doing this the right way?
if not where do they show up in the ledgers ?
CLUSTER 49
and then how the GST component of these purchases can be included in the purchases on the Business Activity Statement.I do not need to make a purchase order, I just already purchased things and have my receipts and need to record them but do not know where!
It always wants to put in the 10% and I can't edit it.How can I put in a custom amount of gst when entering a bill that i get?If I leave it as is then I end up paying the government too much money - at least according to my Telstra bill..
- however I was not able to type that symbol in this post...)The "Invoice Total" label seems to display correctly according to whether or not payment has been made (first IF function), but the amount of the invoice (second IF function) displays this error message:Error!
When they want to 'buy' wine using the money they've squirreled away I assume I create an invoice and allocate the prepayment / overpayment that I already have to the invoice and their statement is automatically updated.From reading other posts on here I was going for the overpayment route.
Hi,I've just had a client contact me for the third time complaining that I haven't attached an email approval attachment to an invoice.The annoying thing is that I did actually upload it to the invoice and tick the box on the email dialogue to include attachments, but I forgot to flag the attachment as 'include with invoice'.
HiI am looking for an add-on that will automatically create a purchase order when a sales order in inputWe do not hold stock and therefore only place purchase orders when a sales order is receivedI want to avoid double entryKind RegardsAdam
CLUSTER 51
Can it just be ''?
When to do so?
Can it?
These are:.
Does it?
It doesn't.
What are you doing?
CLUSTER 52
But the systm will not allow this to happen.
And when I try to reconcile that invoice...
How can I match payments to invoices then?
When it came in, it reconciled automatically.
Then, we deposit the payment to the bank.
Salesforce does not seem to be able to do this.
CLUSTER 54
That is, after payment, interest payoff and transfer into escrow account, what is left reflects a decrease in the loan.
I think that would be important so that my income tax is calculated appropriately at the end of the financial year, am I right ?
It would be great to have the ability to delete a Purchase Order, or at least move them to a Deleted Tab.
CLUSTER 57
So at the moment employee number is more useful.
how does this show up in there payslip, how do I do there timesheet to show this?
The balance is not shown on the employee portal.
How do I fix this as I want it to be classified as a benefit.
But I can not see how to add her timesheet to her details?
Final payslips have been processed but they are still there?
I added all the employees and added their rates.
CLUSTER 59
I would suggest if there was a button providing an option to export when you click in to each individual invoice (like the button to download the PDF version) as is the case in other areas of Xero it would be very popular with businesses that have large customers who want that level of automation.Thanks,Andy
Noticed that if you use the "Preview" button on an invoice thats been paid (and reconcilled) then the generated pdf shows a line saying it's overdue in red text when obviously it's not.So as an example, even if the invoice date, due date, and paid date were, say, the 1st of March.
CLUSTER 62
Can I post a supplier payment without a bill to allocate it to?
I can see groups that contacts are a member of on their screen, but can't edit them there.
There are only a handful of scenarios I can think of where someone would use this.
CLUSTER 65
The A2X sales are aggregated sales total which could be coded against the 210 Amazon sales account.
- This screen, despite having date ranges for the entire financial year, only shows a very small portion of my expenses.
We need to be able to change the branding theme to print different forms after payments have been received.
The A2X sales are aggregated sales total which could be coded against the 210 Amazon sales account.
CLUSTER 66
So we do not receive the full invoice amount.
My business invoices most customers the same amount.
It will only show invoices that are still outstanding.
It would say it completed successfully but it did not.
CLUSTER 67
If it's a bug?
Edit it?
can it be achieved?
CLUSTER 68
but I am not able to do this.
It isn't secure.---
It's bonkers.
CLUSTER 70
It is important that we track the amounts given as grants and the balance still to be distributed at any period in time.
I'm astonished to find out today that all my employees can see the balance and feeds of corporate bank account.
I have come to understand that when I enter a Customer the data is transferred to the supplier list and vice versa.
Now im not sure what to do with the payments into the account as there will be some from the business (which shows on a business cheque account) and some from personal.
They don't seem to be interested in trying to do anything other then wait around from Yodlee to try and fix the problem.
Good job I always email them to myself before emailing them to the client, otherwise I would never have known.
Then when the tax is due we wanted to withdraw what we need from these investments and reintroduce the funds to pay the tax.
But as Xero doesn't have this kind of account type I would like to have a suggestion on were to put these kind of postings.
My account friend suggested we set up this method of accounting for revenue, but I'm just not sure how to go about it in Xero.
Hi All,Suppose two free Denim Jackets were given to the models for photo shoots.
My boss wants to be able to view the accounts and quickly change them for each transaction if they are not coded correctly.
With this process though I cannot account for the 10% I paid the biller...and that is what I would like to track.
What options do we have with Xero and Auth.net to download full transactions, like you can with Quickbooks Integration.
If I do this by choosing 500 in the chart of accounts it's classed as 'overhead' and is deducted from my profits for the current year.
Problem is, when he applies them to the final invoice, he codes back to the prepaid deposits with a negative amount.
I think I can "pay" cc on the credit note in a negative amount, but then there's still this unreconciled amount.
I was hoping for some guidance as to which account to debit for the sale of the assets and which account to choose for Capital Gains?
When I calculate the monthly depreciation it all works well which means I have entered all fixed assets correctly.
I currently try to avoid holding too much stock and only order when I receive a PO from a client.
The new P&L fixes some problems but creates some others not in the old P&L
Our company offers our clients the option of prepaying the quarterly subscription fee for next year now.
Considering the facts that the invoice is in USD, paid in EUR and than later VAT applied in EUR.
)I have dumped the general ledger and have scoured it for any evidence of the amount applied against the bill but I cannot find any.
There is however a tab that says Sales Tax Report which is where they told me to go when I asked the question.
I would like to record the receipts into the mobile app but this does not record as an expense (like a bill does).
I have noticed that the system allows me to assign billable expenses to a client for which I may want to invoice them.
The invoice seems to have been automatically matched to the bank line, but the bank payment has not been cleared from the reconciliation.
We have looked at Invoice Add Ons & can’t seem to find one that would assist us.
Have looked in to Xero add ons but can't quite seem to find the right thing.Cheers
I have a Business Credit Card set up as a "Bank Account" and the transactions flow in and can be reconciled as expected.
I have managed to import the bank statement and get bank feeds so that is fine.Having trouble knowing what to do from here.
And then when I refund the bond back to the guest who do I enter that transaction?Thank you so much for all your assistance.Katherine
I was wondering, since we are not VAT-registered due to our charitable status, how do I treat VAT in the accounts?
Our typical fee structure sees us charging 1%pa of the liquid assets.
I have successfully reconciled the item, using bank feed, and it shows up in the reconciliation report as having been reconciled.
The invoice shows on my mobile phone in sales, but not within the sales/dashboard section on my computer.
I'd like to send the data to Xero so that the invoice is created in Xero and sent to the client from Xero.
HiI am importing a CSV bank statement but all the amounts are showing as £1, £2 and £5.
These slips do not have the cost totals on them as I am a food business and products sold by weight vary in cost.
That all went smoothly and recently, I paid the witholding tax to the tax office that we withheld for these salaries.
I have manually entered in a transaction so I can reconcile my account but I can't find how to get rid of that statement line!
I like how with an Overpayment, it shows up as one amount even when you have used it to pay various invoices.
I have to manually go through all of the bills awaiting payment and mark the ones related to this particular vendor.
So in order for me to ACTUALLY pay the tax I have to create ANOTHER transaction in order to print off the check.
We need the CFO to be the recipient of all invoices and statements sent from Blue Xero so he needs to be a contact.
My issue is that in a certain contact, we have a "primary person", i.e., the owner, and person we converse with most often.
Please can you add an  'Edited'  tab for all the system generated statements / things amended etc.
The problem is that certain items or accounts are tax-exempt which have to be manually set when creating the invoice.
The switch rules are a good idea but the inability to add them to just a report code is quite frustrating.
The 1099 Report states, "Missing Details" for any 1099 vendor that does not have an e-mail address.
At the moment there is no way of recording that the submission has been sent which could lead to duplication of reported information.
Hi,I am just trying to make the values as blank in Payment Terms (Sales terms) of contact.
I would like my detailed general ledger (and other) reports to show me which bank account the transaction is from.
Like all the big tech companies (Apple, Google, Facebook, Amazon, SAP, Oracle....).
When a contact is merged it would be great if all references to the merged contact is changed to the contact it was merged in to.
It would be good if user were able to choose what order they would like statements to be printed in.
Currently when you create a batch payment to a supplier with multiple bills, it shows multiple lines.
After I do that, the history for the invoice shows that it has been viewed online, even though my customer hasn't viewed the invoice only me.
I just archived a manual journal - thinking I was deleting it - but the transactions seem to still affect everything.
It would be really great if you could tick them and just confirm instead of been taken into the mapping screens
The Ref column changes the order of the items but there is no logic to what it does as the items are still not in any kind of order.
At the moment we need to work out the VAT and overtype it manually which adds time to posting entries.
As a property maintenance business we often do jobs for the same property managers each day but for different properties.
We have a lot of monthly repeating invoices and want them to be generated and sent on the last day of the month.
This would also mean integration of bank feeds with Xero using the same payment gateway.
Within companies there are often different people who receive orders, invoices, quotes etc.
It appears that all "Money In" transactions are included in this report even if they are non P&L impact.
I would like to be able receipt several payments against an invoice previously created in Sales.
We are able to do this on our end when we mark the invoice as "payment received" in separate payments, but not from the invoice side.
But invoices produced from Square only have one line item that tallys up the total of sales in a day.
I appreciate the option to attach invoices as PDFs attached to the invoice email, but I'd like an addition.
However when adding a contact to each entity it only lets you create a new one not select an existing.
Within the contacts section, I organize clients invoicing preferences and payment preferences by Groups.
I'd really like my staff/users to have more access to Xero, but the set up of users is quite limiting.
At the moment a modified version of the display prints out which does not contain the detail of the fields to which items have been coded.
The Title and Summary fields in quotes are very useful to our clients but they need to flow through to invoices for consistancy.
Likewise when package is sent out the individual items are labeled with line numbers and part numbers.
Does anyone use Xero and the Contacts feature to create a file that can be imported to the bank instead?
It would be great if when you downloaded a template it was easy to see what columns were mandatory to be able to import it.
At the moment, I can't tell which transactions have files and the process to upload receipts involves too many steps.
A lot of the reports do not suit me and so I have to change the options every time (some I look at daily) I look at them.
I use the statement feature a lot and really appreciate the new 'All Outstanding' feature for statements.
It would be great to have a log for all emails including payslips, so we can know when & if they were sent also listing to whom and who from.
The invoice I raise to my business in Xero doesnt allow me to specific the period over which the service was used.
When I am reconciling, and I come to the need to make a bank rule, it is very simple to make a new rule.
Customer contact ( in fact all contacts) to have a payment term field which will then automatically pull through to the invoicing.
I was adding some expense claims and I noticed that I was able to add the same reference for more than one expense claim.
This allowance is linked to the number of working days in the month and is not paid when employees are on annual leave.
The full payroll features for the UK should be extended to included using Xero within Ireland.
Also the character length is only 50 characters, it is possible that in the future some of the syntax require to be longer than that.
What would really help me (and maybe other users) is if I could have a menu on the side that is customisable to my preferences.
There doesn't seem to be a simple workflow for accounting for accrued interest, etc.Any input would be welcome.
When I first set up xero I was dabbling with it for a while and made many errors trying to set things up.
The payment of the invoice was done in a batch reconciling a payment from Pay Pal against 5 invoices.
Thanks.However, this report is still limited in that it is clearly triggered off by the chart of accounts settings.
After copying a bill having a reference, an error is displayed (correctly) that a bill already exists with the same reference.
Her sales invoices have been entered (only 30max) but some of the allocations are incorrect.Can anyone help/advise me, what I could do?
Doing it this way, when I import the invoice Xero shows the 15.09 in tax as an "Adjustment to tax".
Hello,I've been using Xero for several months and slowly getting used to the way it works.
Also, when items value exceeds a certain amount, I have to use a commercial import broker.
This can mean requests seem to take a while to get looked at, but in reality it's been part of the bigger picture.
I am already struggling with Xero because it is pretty limited, but small things like this are really irritating me.
The desktop version has this features and allows for printing reports using all submitted expense claims.
Hi,  Can Xero be used to run every aspect of a  small business' financial operations?
Hello, I've just started to use Xero and I'm generating a lot of POs which all need the same Delivery Instructions.
All other internet related activities where working  100% - Just not Xero.Multiple attempts to login failed.
Thus when a client uses an account for items they are uncertain of how to code I can easily recode them in batchs.
I don't want to have to email the client to confirm they received the invoice every time I send one...
We previously had one company that we paid to furnish the shirts with print on them so I was purchasing the completed item.
Click Save.However, when I go to General Settings, there is no such things as 'Fixed Assets' under Features.
Chart of Accounts changes - Please advise as to if problems have been experienced when changing a chart of accounts.
What is best practice to account ( & reconcile ) for commission & fees, that do not show within the bank feed ?
Obviously we do not want to run dual systems but the inability to store client details means we have to.
I have a client who converted to Xero on 1st June 2014 but the conversion balances haven't been done to date.
If I could export to Excel I could easily sum the total of all items tagged 'launch."
I guess due to the recent xero upgrade which might have reset the timer to its default value.
I followed all instructions to the letter and Xero appeared to accept the DOCX template without error.
**When i have worked for big companys like Coke before that information is available to the rep's when we are in store with the customer.
I am a builder who wants to have the ability to use the project job numbers and allocate the costs direct to them...
Note you can pass the savings to your clients or provide the code directly to them if they are managing their own subscription - completely up to you.
Why does the NZ version of Xero Payroll not include PAYE, Kiwisaver etc deduction amounts?
The problem is if you create a bill and reconcile it, it doesn't register that there is an attachment unless you click on the invoice in the description.
The feed says it up to date as  of today, but I can see fund that cleared directly aren't showing up in Xero.
HeyI can't seem to find a relevant account for this, what account do others tend to put this under?Cheers.
Please can we have a warning box appear with a yes/no option to ensure that we don't accidently void by mistake
We also have fixed assets on the one that is closing that we want to bring across to the other company's ledger.
When I'm working with Purchase Orders in Chrome the display is jumbled and it makes clicking on things tricky.
Hi.Ive just imported my pay pal account and got the feeds but im confused.
It was imported as a Yodlee bank feed.How do we adjust the Bank Statement so that it has the correct opening balance?
I use Xero to manage the accounts for two different companies (companyA and companyB) for which I'm a director.
I want to be able to see the profitability of a specific job by seeing what specific expenses it created.
We have used Xero clearing house consistently in the past and this is the first time the payment has failed.
I've seen a thread where you can change pay calendars but it doesn't give me the option to change the days on the groups.
Is it able to be changed or is it in the locked section which I would've thought I had access to but don't see what it is that I can't get into to change.
We have them set up the same as everyone else but the tax and super are not being calculated from the pay to show the net pay.
I've tried multiple times and in different browsers - it says upload successful but the logo does not load.
I reactivated him as an employee but he still has a sick leave balance from the last time he worked for us.
Hi,Our business employs casual staff who only work a few hours per week at the moment.
As we have noticed the hourly rate changes monthly (due to the amount of hours/days worked).
I've added the options to their PAY SLIP template but that doesn't seem to show up on the TIMESHEET.Thanks for your time!
I go to process a pay run but the employee is not showing up to select for the pay run, what am I missing.
I understand adjust the pay run with a unscheduled pay run but what about the difference in pay.How do i Pay this?
But when I allocated a leave request it only takes 4 hours and I have to adjust it to accept the 8 hours.
I have searched the tutorials and online but I cannot seem to find information on setting up payroll templates.
Do we transfer the employees holidays across to the new system or pay them out and start again as the new company?
Hi ,This is the first month that I need to submit the ATP PAYG Installment activity statement.
Also when I created the empdupe file two files downloaded - which one do I use?ThanksJacqui
Also, does anyone have any further advice on what to keep in mind when employing somebody overseas?Best,Anna
Also, even though she is registered as a casual under 'taxes' it still requires a super line.
I am looking for a way to email an advice slip to employees once their superannuation contribution has been paid to the fund.
Hi, I have entered the leave we owe the employee that is leaving so he now shows 0 hours owing.
But it turns out the staff members approving these leave requests can't actually see the description on the request.
I need them in one payrun for the ABA file.Are there ways to add employees to a Payrun manually?
As you will be aware, there are superannuation guarantee rate increases commencing in Australia from 1 July 2013.
the Director started 6 August and I want to pay the remainder of August (BUT NOT up to 5 September).
Would be great to print out group certificates at the end of the year, Is there an option somewhere that i am missing?
This should be raised up in importance visibly and in the interface because it is a clear liability that needs to be tracked and properly accounted for.
At the moment all your employees need to reside in one of the supported states in order to use payroll.
Delete the regular pay section which doesn't give the correct salary amount.Step 5.
Hi all,The new year has started and my employees have finished all they're holiday hours from last year.
I've tried various dates but the payrun won't post and I keep getting the following error message.
The weekly wage for each employee is the same every week so the pension contributions for both the employer and employee should be the same each week.
I have also clicked save and next until the end to see if it updates but it doesn't.Can anyone help me?Thank you
I have added my employer details and employee details but when i run the payroll there are no deductions from the employee's pay.
When I enter a monthly salary of &#163;1800 then Xero is calculating the deduction as &#163;4.
After a few weeks of back and forth over email, Xero have now told me that payroll doesn't work for Directors at the moment.
I mistakenly set up their pay runs as "Regular Earnings Type" and now it is locked and it cannot be changed.
Any tips?If you're looking for a simple and efficient way to convert to Xero, you've come to the right place.
We just need something smaller, cheaper and simpler, a no frills - does what it says on the tin kind of thing.
The planned meetings we had with various members of staff were regularly late commencing and on occasion did not happen at all.
I have our iZettle account linked to Xero - and so far the information flow from one to the other is working well.
Designed for the small to medium business and designed to be simple, cheap and time efficient to use.
The developers at Tevalis say they have open API but not one that currently works with Xero?ThanksEmma
Can anyone give me any feedback regarding the flow of information or ease of use between the two programs.
Essentially a similar offering to Sharesight's Xero capabilities, but without the standalone performance reporting.
They need an add-on to Xero which handles the memberships and also a POS.Any reommendations on the best out there?ThanksJac
A host of new features will follow the release of the interface which are sure to add further efficiencies to your business.
We've recently been using Entryless, however we found Xero doesn't have a function to warn duplicate bills.
I see that there are off the shelf systems which is ideal if you were saying billing a customer for a service such as plumbing work.
No online ecommerce site currently, but possible in the very distant future.And of course, as inexpensive as possible.
We also looked at inventory management programs but we did not see that those would manage the cash machine.
We also want our reseller stores contact details within Xero to be linked to the CRM4.
When i then go to add an inventory to the purchase order in Xero it deletes all of my information from the purchase order.
Can anyone recommend a suitable add-on that will do the same as Boldfield does for Sage in respect of updating costs from nCall?
After completing a course and answering all the questions it shows the course as completed but does not update my XU credits.
Payable Invoices Summary is a Purchases report, and it does show the repeating Bills, and it has a star next to it.
I was also sent to an 4 year old thread to put my name to the list of requesters.
I don't want to use a third party explorer as xero suggests .Come on xero can I have a fix !!!
The columns are so wide that the data is much harder to see easily and very little fits on the screen.
Apparently  I had sent the email from the wrong email address so apparently they ignored it - does it tell you that anywhere??
When we are trying to value bill, the volatility is making it very difficult to keep our profit margins consistent.
Up till now we always inventoried all the Food and Bev , did a stock take at the end of the month and adjusted it.
Claiming on trademark law is easier than this.We are then asked to login as subscriber - impossible - no one has the logins.
At the moment, the message content can only be read from a narrow window and it puts me off from reading long messages from yourself.
When we were with MYOB it cost us about $600 pa but could have 5 companies run from the program.
i have read all the info from users having reporting problems and issues regarding simple busness practice .
CLUSTER 71
I have now received a card statement and everything matches up perfectly.
People seem to ignore statements when sent.RegardsEddie
I tried to answer this question in a Blog post - which you can read about .
It turned out that the problem was at their end which they scurried away and fixed.
CLUSTER 72
The XERO STOPPED CLOCK PRICES make 11 employees for $90 and 21 employees for $180 EQUALLY RIDICULOUS!The very good Zen Payroll add on is $29 for one employee, $57 for 11 employees and $77 for 21 employees.
The Guide(s) explain how to run the 1099 tax report, but I switched from another accounting system this year and the 1099 reports generated by Xero are incomplete (because contractor payments were included in payroll outflows, so there's not an easy way to mark them separately in Xero, as far as I know).
CLUSTER 75
What is the difference between "TrackingName1" and "TrackingOption1" in that spreadsheet?
Emails are sent automatically.BOOM!
Frustrating at the moment Thanks Karlene
Enter the claim amount.4.
CLUSTER 80
but I can not find out how to do this.
(So I voided it.
I can't find it.
Now they are out of sync.
CLUSTER 82
We havent launched it to the public just yet but our initial customers are loving it.
The receipt would then be included in the Xero File Payment history.
The journal listing currently only shows the date for which the journal was posted at.
When doing batch payments each month i have to do it in around 3 or 4 batches.
can anyone tell me how to identify the date a user was added to the system
Hi,I'm very pleased that the new quote feature is here - I find it very useful.
CLUSTER 84
So it messes everything up.
Does it really matter?
to "," and the other way around).
It takes forever!
They were all setup at the same time.
CLUSTER 85
That is not a smooth action right now, as the supplier name in the 'edit bill' page is a text field, not a hyperlink.
using Receipt Bank to create all your invoices in Xero ), its of no use to convert the PO into a bill as one exists already.
Be great if they could, as many clients pay Bills and the first we know about it is when the payment appears on the bank statement.
BUT this payment is the sum of ALL sales for that day, minus any charges they make.Any help would be appreciated.Cheers,Oliver
Extending the bank feed functionality so one is able to import bills from providers similarly to HubDoc.
i tried to follow the instructions provided but there is problems with exporting data out of quickbooks to create the import file .
CLUSTER 86
So my questions are:1.
My questions are:1.
This can be up to $5000 at a time.
Did I overlook it somewhere?
!What could be causing it?
If not, when will there be an update to correct this.
CLUSTER 88
!Secondly - I would like to be able to choose more that 200 items for payment!1.
We can have up to 5 jobs going at once and have up to $80,000 a month in wages to pay out.
CLUSTER 90
Why are they lost?
All the bestPhill
Can we ditch it?
CLUSTER 91
ETC) to show the change in value when comparing to previous periods.It would also be great to be able to pick the date range for the current period and the previous period in reports as well.
(I realise this  come to the user's attention anyway when the bank rec is being completed, but in this particular case the client is a bit green and there are a whole lot of other bank rec issues for us to resolve as well.)
We often cash a cheque at the bank, but there is no where to add the cheque number on the 'Transfer' screen which would help us keep track of cheques.Also, how can I run a report showing all payments posted in Xero.
Since I have already paid taxes via another payroll service and then via Xero Payroll, this really just making sure my employee's W-2 is accurate since it goes to the IRS.
CLUSTER 92
Hello, not sure if this is the right area to ask, but I want to be able to "tag" payments/purchase invoices so that they're marked against the relevant budget.
When using spend money - it add a new contact but doesn't give you the option to add the suppliers details - phone etc.
When viewing reports it constantly bothers me that I have to re enter dates after refreshing or changing reports when I am just looking at a balance date etc.
It may sound simple, but it does become time-consuming and also the more human input the more likelihood of silly errors (i.e.
Ideally we want to be able to have a payment service setup in Xero that would attach a payment link to the invoice we send out.
CLUSTER 93
Of course as everyone asks - the cost price/ mark-up would be invaluableThis is a bunch of ideas - but basically it is just a request for greater functionality.
I am trying to sort out an integration and I am taking screen shots of the history and notes area - but side by side - I can not distinguish which transaction it relates to - if invoice number (in my case) was included - it would be very helpful.
Can we have an option against each payable item (salary, pension, etc) as to whether it produces a single journal from each payroll run, or a series of bills for reconciling against?
CLUSTER 97
Hi there,I'm new to Xero and I realised I made a mistake - I've approved invoices too quickly.We have a client that forward books us and the invoice is automatically generated through our reservation system.
Currently a client invoices in Euros and GBP, sometimes raising invoices of both currencies to one customer, I'd like the ability to allocate Euro credit notes to GBP invoices for example
I recommend that there should be confirmation for at least the following scenarios (if not always):- when there are transactions that are NOT matched to bank feed lines (as the only redo option here is to recreate the SM/RM transactions- when more than one item is selected
Mate,The notification message when I post a Pay Run is:The pay run has been posted for the pay run Weekly pay run: Week ending blah blahThat has to be a gross over use of the phrase 'pay run' me thinks.......
In payroll, with the last employee in the run can the button that is usually “Save & Next” be “Save and Close” at the moment you have to click “save” wait for it to load and then click “Close” Would be great if one button did it.
This works really well and I'm very happy with one problem.My login/email address is me@companyA.com and this is used as the from email address whenever I send invoices from either company.
I can download ABA file, email payslips and revert to draft, but the option to create a draft invoice is missing.This is a feature I've used on previous Pay Runs (a few months ago), but now appears to be missing.
I initiated a pay run and added all the hours, etc in for my employees, but when I hit the 'pay employees' tab I get two errors:(1) 'Contact name already exists.
This would make expense items easier (but not automatic) to identify, however I would have to manually calculate the approximate GBP value of all my FX transactions e.g.
CLUSTER 98
Are you working on that?
I can't figure it out.
You got it!
It doesn't work.
CLUSTER 101
My foreign currency losses therefore always seem very high whereas I know that if the invoice had been paid on the exact same day as it was issued, it would still result in a "loss" when my bank actually converts it.Does anybody have any advice on how they normally deal with this when it comes to tax time?Dan
- Can this be avoided?3/ Any other way to go about meeting my objectives in step 1 to 3, without using the above approach?Has the system been modified to address this and related problems pertaining to foreign currency denominated invoices and payments?
CLUSTER 104
What can I create to apply this against?
The numbers are in there, but they are not shown.
It's driving me crazy.
CLUSTER 106
For example from the "Awaiting Payment" tab, being abe select (tick) multiple invoices and enter the same notes/dates for all.
When staff apply for leave, the Payroll Overview will show "Requested" in orange next to that particular application.
Hi All,Just realised that on a payslip, Xero hides all earnings lines other than those which are active in the current pay period.
I'm processing EOM Sales Invoices - and bloody Xero isn't working!I can enter the invoices, but cannot email or print.
Does anyone have a workaround to enable printing or exporting of the draft invoice listing under the  draft sales tab
It is hard to know if you have set the employee up under the correct fund when this drop down box only gives you the fund name.
CLUSTER 109
I made quarterly estimated tax payments during the year (not sure I got the calc correct, but that's another issue).
There are currently multiple feature requests asking for improvements to expense claims but I think the situation calls for a more important intervention here.
CLUSTER 111
Seems wrong to add a credit note, but also the direct debit amount will bear no relation to reality!
It would be useful to have an accountant advisor permission sitting above the normal advisor permissions which we could set from practice settings.
I would like to be able to choose to set a lock date on only purchase ledger, sales ledger etc.
Currently, one cannot enter a negative quantity, which, in the case of an item returned, would be the correct thing to do.
Hi AllI'm  new in Xero, and can not find the way to assign cost incurred to a tracking category.
If I use the transfer between accounts option I can reconcile my bank account but it throws my card account out of balance.
All fine.However I then decided the item was unsuitable so took it back to the shop for a refund.I now have this as a line in my account transactions as 'Recieved'.
I tried to find in Feature Requests this as I seemed to remember seeing this in there, to update the request but couldn't find so posting here.
CLUSTER 119
All are welcome.
It's free.
That's half of it.
CLUSTER 120
The pay run shows this as three separate rows:Ordinary hours = 24Annual leave = 10Sick leave = 4I would like to add a total at the bottom that shows it as 38hrs in TOTAL for this pay run.
When I tailor the Profit and Loss (new) report to show budget v actual and I filter it by the tracking category (particular location) it does not show the budget that I entered relating to that tracking category.
CLUSTER 122
Hi,I'm hoping someone can help me please.I have an invoice that was created for an item in the business and billed to the business owner and shows as an outstanding invoice.However, he took the item out of the business to use in the business, so effectively as a fixed asset.How do I then treat this?Do I create a CN to contra the invoice?
An easy option to delete previous CSV import options (right now Xero remembers the last import settings and if the file format changes you have to jump through hoops to get Xero to start again).Peter.I'm an NZ , , add-on Developer and Xero's 2012 Most Valuable Professional.
When you dont have internet connection and a file or folder is added, obviously the file is not distributed to the cloud, but when the computer gets internet access it Syncs all of its data with the cloud.Im thinking of the same thing for Xero, if for some reason internet connection is lost, you could still use all the same functionality, then once it gets online then it Syncs all the information with the cloud.What  does everyone think?
How does Xero determine the order of transaction lines in the Account Transaction report?I completes a "Spend Money" using various transaction lines ie Jan16, Feb16, Mar16 etc so its easy from any audit trail perspective.Run the Account transactions report and its in reverse order??
CLUSTER 123
They are located in Malvern, Melbourne.
I'm not a business person, but trying to do this myself.
I've called it CSV2Cloud.com.
Other apps are fine - just Xero.
It's severely affecting my productivity.
CLUSTER 124
So my initial thought about setting up a clearing account as a Bank Account does not work.So I need the ability to pay off the invoice, record the additional GST received and then reconcile bulk payments against vouchers received.
Any thoughts on the process, within Xero, for changing a balance date for a company already using Xero - where current financial year end is set for Dec 14 and been trading for 5 months now wanting to change their balance date to 31 March?
But they cannot be entered into the PO as a custom field.ADD REQUIRED BY DATE TO POAdd field to select from calender date goods are required/delivery required for every PO entered.MILESTONESReally should be able to assign Milestones to staff.RECEIPTING OF INVOICES AND PURCHASE ORDERS AND EDITINGPer Xero, need to be able to EDIT invoices, purchases orders, etc AFTER issued or receipted - and then this is also pushed to Xero and updated.
CLUSTER 125
I feel as if I'm not getting off to a great start with Xero!I have entered all of the opening balances from a previous system into Xero including the sales balance for the period to date.
We need the ability to allow users to only access the inventory management function of Xero, without the ability to access all financial reporting etc.
CLUSTER 126
Hi,I'm wondering if anyone can helpWe want to start using Xero to make payments directly onto our HSBC Net bank account but we are unsure how to do this.All of of our suppliers currently have bank details in their contacts but we are unsure what the next step is and if Xero is even compatible with HSBC Net
When you set up a Paypal account, Paypal credit your bank account with a penny and a reference number you use to verify you actually have access to that bank account.Hardly important, but it's rather triggered my OCD.I think the simplest way is to create a one penny transaction in my director's loan bank a/c and match it, and I can't imagine anyone will care, but is there a correcter (!)
Could we please see an additional ability to do a multiple items deposit to paypal accounts.For some reason when choosing the bank account to deposit to, paypal is not available to populate.At the moment if accept a payment for a couple for instance with separate invoices, zI have to make the multiple item deposit to another bank account like cash, and then transfer it over to paypal account.
I'm trying to agree the Trial Balances and I'm having trouble with a manual journal I have mirrored with Sage.The journal entry is;DR National Insurance 747.64CR Productive Labour (Gross Wages) 747.64 Now my accountant has explained this is because we have a member of staff off on Maternity leave but she gets Statutory Adoption Pay...we get to reclaim 'x' amount from HMRC which at this point is 747.64I have imported my bank statement which has our payment to HMRC which includes various items but when I tick those that apply I am over by 747.64 because we have paid them less what we are reclaiming...how can I fix this?I have tried raising a CR to HMRC for that amount and done a cash refund but then for some strange reason my VAT liability is out by 747.64 on the TB's So so so confused...pleased help!ThanksHannah
We have been using Xero for our payroll since mid-2015 and on the whole its been great to use.However, we are finding that the payslips are proving to be a little confusing for employees to be able to track, with confidence, their annual leave entitlement.The first issue that we are aware of is that what displays for each employee on their payslip for "Annual Leave (Hours including leave available to take in advance)" is effectively running behind what I see as the Leave Balance in Xero.
CLUSTER 130
What I tired was to download the CSV template and add the date, amount, and payee but then it tries to match it with a receipt (either debit or credit depending).
Please can there be a VAT return report, that shows us what we need to see in the audit trail, without so much background trivia.
using a checkbox) when I submit expense items would help a project manager be able to report on billable expenses when preparing an invoice.
But now that Stripe is acting as a bank in the sense of accumulating funds, it would be great to see an integration similar to the one you have for Paypal (as a bank account).
How would a user know how many hours were taken and how would half day requests be handled unless the request was in hours?
It still shows the overall budget and a whole lot of additional data not required for that location.Does anyone know how I might resolve this?ThanksLeanne
I can understand the Xero Balance being out of sync with my Bank Account balance if all the transactions haven't been categorized and reconciled but why does the statement balance not match the actual bank account balance.
However, stripe charges a 2.9% fee + 30 cents for each transaction, causing the invoice amount to be different to the amount that appears in my bank statement.
We have an employee who is applying for the Dad and Partner Payment, we have offered to him to make a top up payment to cover the gap from the DPP payment and his normal wage.
HSBC have told me to put 4 blank spaces into the field but when I try to generate the file it gives me the following error message.
In the past Xero would always match the most recent invoice but 9/10 times they intended to pay the oldest invoice first.
CLUSTER 131
Any ideas how to do this?
Any ideas how to do this?
Posting it here.
CLUSTER 133
Its getting abit tricky with the odd amounts, so was wondering how to transfer all the particular bills we owe to the supplier, over to one invoice for the Debt Collector, without compromising the data as the goods are related to COS.Sorry abit long winded.
Now that you need to have a Superstream compliance system set up before the 30th June 2016 to pay superannuation, I am setting up Xero payroll for these contractors (some are transferring to employees as the business grows!
CLUSTER 135
Does this account need to be closed at the end of the year?
It shows as an Asset for the Company $15,000.
What's the best way to achieve this with Xero?Cheers.
I don't think you can create one rule to do this, right?
If so, which account code are people using?Olly
Yet, can someone shed some light on as to why this happened?
I then compared the income to my profit and loss and each year is out.
The spreadsheet shows our opening balance at the top.
most of our projects are gained thru online system.
but we need to consider the payment has been made in full.
I need to reconcile the payment but am unsure where to book it to
However there are a few things that seem unusual.1.
Small, but enough to change the accounts slightly.
Xero will not allow me to enter to the "cash account".
But it has not come through.Can you please advise me what I'm supposed to do.ThanksDev
Do you know an easier method to handle this situation?
How do I get this value to display in my balance sheet?
Made.Great when you are making tens of them at a time.
Bank transactions are imported but not the account code.
They are 'off the books' but I would like to tidy up the accounts.
What is the correct account that I should be using for this?Thank you,Mike
When someone part pays and then cancels and we have to refund.
It seems a really obvious feature but I can't find it.
We need to be able to format the formula answers.
The employee is not likely to travel again in the near future.
In the expense ledger, I also show this as paid.
There doesn't seem to be an account dedicated to ACC payments.
Assets are 100, Liabilities are 200, etc...
However, it doesn't show up in the pull down account list.
Found it but it meant me adjusting the amounts brought over.
I calculate the amount outside of Xero, but wondering .
Nov 1 - Nov 15) where there are no transactions at all.
When the payments were made I was reconciling them with the bank statement.
Client can able to pay through my own payment gateway.
This has nothing to do with Foreign Currency Exchanges etc.
I want to know what's the best way to record it.
I can apply the payment against the invoice, but then I am left with a shortfall.
My question is can I pay the debt off before tax from my salary?
Which they were.The company issued 2 separate invoices.
Thanks for the support and sorry for all the newbie questions.
Invoices made in xero are dating correctly.
Does this send the invoice to the customer automatically / immediately?
I need to post mileage to claim the fuel.
- all expenses are generally paid on credit card.
My original thought was that I could expense them to the business.
But I don't see that as an option in the list of available accounts.
But also the total cost of the sales item.
When I check it against my bank account statement it only appears once.
I am not really sure where to go with this & hope you can help.
In some instances, amounts are combined into a single amount.
I see that the suggestion is to use the Reference field.
Right now it only shows opening and closing balance.
I am unable to do multiple invoices with zero at the moment.
It gets rid of trails as if it had never existing.
Please give the feature to print them out and mail them.
(Control-Z didn't work, by the way).1.
It's a small thing but it would mean a lot!!!
the bank does not allow feeds for that account type)
When setting up a repeating invoice you have to select a date.
But the attachment name does not follow the profile name.
With the new layout we can only see when it is due for payment.
Being able to add the account this has been paid to or paid from.
Under "invoices owed to you", can we have a button "New Quote"?
I can see for myself on the contact info but my clients  cannot.
Xero notified me my payment to Xero had failed.
Similar to the option to lock in comparative balances.
When I copy a Quote to an Invoice, the Description is kept.
They need to know which account to allocate the payment to .
There are other reports I would include if I had the option to select them.
If this is a problem, just make a report available that does the same thing.
But I have to manually change the quantity or amount in the repeating.
The other options for + New invoice etc are there but not quotes.
So when the invoices is forwarded to Xero, they all end up in the Inbox.
There are some logic, which can be applied to and we can utilise the Pooling in XERO.
New Capital It, Repairs & Maintenance, Donations.
The label for the dialogue reads "Make a Payment".
(much like the cash coding screen does).
Does Xero approach the institution or vice versa?
Both these reports are standard year end reports.---
How can you get missing bank feeds to come through?
Which is the right account type for it or should I just make one for that
Or will this reconcile them and just taking a while due to the volume of transactions?
When I do this, it's suggests the credit note is to be paid, not received.
Change Amount Are = Tax Inclusive              iii.
This Xero  shows the process of entering receipts.
Or for that matter for Xero to know where to assign the transaction?
Can any one please explain me how will I be able to do that on Xero.
I have left it un-reconciled as it doesn't correspond to an invoice.
For example, a bunch of them use the same Janitorial service.
It does get frustrating when you have to add each photo at a time
Hi,My inventory items don't show in bills.
I clicked on the invoice which shows it has been fully paid.
But, XERO doesn't deduct the 0.05 rounding.
HiWe are exporting from an external software into Xero.
Hello, I'm very inexperienced when it comes to accounting and Xero.
But now I have started to withdraw the money from the business account.
I figure it's probably somewhere but cant find it.
This also means my liability totals are incorrect.
The document is then marked that it is associated with Spend Money.
This means that the newer bill is still to be paid.
But it breaks the xero bank feed link.
in Word its Letter size, but PDFs are larger.
Can someone help me out in finding a way to delete them?
I need to be able to   trace the transactions he entered.
I send many email to support, answer all the same.
The current advisor is not my accountant and I have little support from them.
I'm sure its simple but can't seem to figure it out.Thanks
The same, however, does not apply to the statement, which prints correctly.
I'm getting started adding my inventory items.
We love Xero but I'm sure we are not the only people with this issue!
to reconcile it.How do I handle transactions like this?Thank you
So, when I come to do the Paypal reconciliation, there are no transactions with which to reconcile.
As I do not wish to end this persons Directorship what am I doing wrong?
Then how do i show that the cheque that we payed in was a refund?Thanks!
the upfront amount that was paid will then be applied to that invoice.
but why isn't this option available within the invoices page?
However, I can't work out how to create an online quote.
Most of my expenses are deducted from my business credit card.
Do I just ignore this quarter and move onto the next?
Just trying to make the change from QBO to Xero.
from our conversion date of 1/1/13 and now).
would it be .55%  (1/180 mo)
When I am running the payroll, the payg is not automatically deducting.
Then why does the api say this fund already exists ?
Am I suppose to do something extra for this financial year?
All of our employees are casuals that are paid a daily rate.
They look like they are formatted correctly, why can't they be mailed?
But nowhere I can see what amounts are due in future...
If I go to Reports > Payroll > Payruns, it doesn't appear.
We advanced funds to an employee against their earned pay.
Does anyone know the escalation process?ThanksDavid
When I approve a timesheet it says the employee is out of Sync.
Both say they are active but will not let me revise either.
Can someone give some guidance as how to correct this please.
Hi Thanks for taking the time to read this.
Not especially pretty, but it gets the job done.
Can we put them into xero but exclude them from the pay runs?
I know a few work arounds but they are all a bit inefficient.
Payments are updated within Xero instantly.
Any tips?All the features you need to pay your wages.
We love Chrometa by the way and sync it with XERO.
Does the expense simply come over as part of the invoice?
Needs to be integrated with Xero that can be updated daily.
I'm having issues when I convert my proposal from PandaDoc to Xero.
The CPQ solution does not work well with Xero.
I'd like to transfer this to the petty cash account.
However, I use the add-on Fergus, which I invoice from.
These items are both repeat as well as discrete purchases.
So what I can see Xero will never agree to DEAR???
Why does Xero not post the customer info to Stripe?
I repair the machines and identify them by their serial numbers.
I have about 20 that I know of that didn't make it over.Is it a known bug?
Can you guys let me know how to sort this out?Thanks
Now these are NEW and old customers if that makes a difference.
Or at the very least push them through as Approved Purchases?Thankyou
I'm overwhelmed with the choice and easily confused by all the features.
I love the way the team listens to us.
can xero get these links to csv files?
What's the best process to get this all working together?
I changed browser as suggested but the problem remained.
I have submitted 2 queries that are quite urgent.
There are two screenshots I have taken showing this bug.
so you can keep track of where you are up to with review forum content.
It is my understanding that Xero uses NetSuite for its ERP.
The difficulty communicating with Xero contributes to our frustration.
So now we're considering deleting our entire account and starting again.
Then when I went back to do my BAS, again no GST credits.
I have flagged this issue now and hope that you take action.
Most invoices are emailed to us which we attached to the Bill.
CLUSTER 143
The nature of my business means that I will sell something, but not get paid until many months later.Accordingly, I have now been paid for sales that took place in the past, before I became VAT registered.Do I account for these sales as No VAT or exempt income and what is the difference?The same question for stock that was bought before I became VAT registered, that wasnt sold until after becoming VAT registered, is this No VAT or Exempt supplies?Thanks in advance
This has been fine to manage as I use bespoke reporting to show the extended P&L, but as I approach the new year-end I have noticed that my Balance Sheet is not correct, as the current FY is picking up Retained Earnings from 30/4/16, when my actual last Y/E was 31/1/16.The Retained Earnings account is a system account as far as I know, so how do I go about changing it with a journal?thanksKevin
Will be buying a residential property to develop / improve then subsequently (hopefully) selling it at a profit.Cost of property purchaseCost of fees etcRedevelopment costsProceeds from saleI need to be able to track the various costs / income associated with this property development not least to present to HMRC for tax purposes.Many of the costs and the income will NOT flow through my (Xero linked) normal business account but will be from / to my personal bank accounts.
I have been placing it all into my business acnt but now as I need more petty cash I then withdraw the cash and transfer between my business acnt to my petty cash acnt.This seems a bit long winded so can I just take some of the cash take and put some into my business acnt and recorded as usual as new receive money but then do the same in my petty cash acnt as a new receive money and record their as I would normally?Hope this makes senseJulian
We need to be able to see the 2 sales categories to do GST and PST returns correctly, and also she would like to be able to see the 2 different categories for her own knowledge, therefore we have set up a "Services" income account and a "Retail" income account.Her POS keeps track of all her sales and what type they are, as well as the correct tax amounts etc, but there is no way to import this info into Xero.
I have a Term Deposit (Westpac NZ) which pays interest direct to another account, so the balance in the term deposit account (which I've entered as a bank account) never has any transactions, no interest, no withholding tax, no deposits or withdrawals, nothing!So the problem is, there is nothing to import and no transactions to reconcile, so the account looks like it's never been reconciled, even though the balance is correct and up to date.
FYI, the journal is tax exempt, and is not posted to a restricted system control account, such as Accounts Receivable, and there were no journal error notifications when I made the modification.I can see the modified journal in a Manual Journal Search, together with its History & Notes, but there is no error message to suggest that the journal is in error, or that it was not posted to the General LedgerIs there some sort of process that I should have performed to get the journal to post?I have tried loging in and out of Xero, but this has had no effect.
This $10 debit shows up as another line in our bank account transactions.Our customer then sent a check to cover the $10, which shows up as yet another line in our bank account transactions.The total amount paid is correct, but I cannot figure out how to reconcile these three lines to one invoice since the "split" function does not work for negative numbers.Invoice: $110Bank transactions:$110($10)$10
One of our clients is opening a subsidiary in Spain and we would like to find an English speaking preferably Madrid based Spanish Accounting firm to deal with the new subsidiary locally.Experience of Xero would be ideal but we could give remote training.For further details please get in touch with gary@robinsonandco.co.uk ThanksGary Robinson
I have checked in Financial Settings that the Period Lock Date is 31 Jan 2010, and the End of Year Lock Date is not set.As such, a Fixed Asset that I have registered that was bought in Dec 2010 had to have an accumulated depreciation value keyed in for the period of Dec 2010 to Jan 2011.However, this accumulated depreciation does not show and is not accounted for in the balance sheet as of 31 Jan 2011.
The idea of an automated piece of software logging in to my bank as *me* and scraping the raw HTML to obtain transaction info sounds like a disaster waiting to happen.I'd  prefer to have a one-way, read-only bank feed that pulls data back in XML/JSON and doesn't open my account to unlimited liability.I know that Bank Link have feeds now for Natwest, which suits my case personally.Do you incorporate Bank Link?
Hi Xero,Thanks for creating the new 'Account Transaction Report' and adding the GST columns (and other transaction attributes) recently.....but there are a couple of significant issues that need to be sorted out before this is done and dusted.These are:- When sorting by 'Account (Name)' it returns the accounts in alphabetical order meaning P&L and Asset accounts are all mixed in together when doing a full GL report.
I would be very happy if the templates that can be setup for the Timesheets could be automatically associated with Employees.I currently use the templates, but the Timesheet entry process involves selecting the employee name, then entering which Pay Run you want to work with and then selecting the template (ie, all my templates are the different pay rates (Mon-Fri, Sat, Sun, PH) all set to zero.
7.6 hour days (you can simply overwrite the hours automatically included).I find it unacceptable that I need to manually adjust something that should be automated!I would like to see leave taken calculated by dividing leave hours per annum by the number of hours taken (calculated when you enter the dates as number of days times ordinary hours per day), not as it is calculated now - which is incorrect.
I tend to use a debit card on the company account for my expenses which means the transactions are picked up directly by the banking feed - but they need to be linked to the photographed invoice-copies and the amounts need to reconcile.. which is where the problem lies.Expensify estimates the GBP value of the expense using their own fx to convert and (I hope) I have now configured it to add the 2.75% surcharge my bank levies on foreign currency transactions.
Using the csv import, all formatting is lost and displays as;1x Product A1x Product B1x Product CI've read that using quotation marks at the start and end of a csv file forces the file to remember line breaks, which does work I exit/reopen the csv file but does not carry over when I import into Xero.Without this function, it means that we have to manually go into every new product and format the description.
Hi there,Was wondering if you can help.I am trying to run my bank reconciliation, however I have come across an issue.We've had an amount transferred from PayPal to our account however this amount is made up of sales invoices being paid and an amount that we have paid out - so a purchase invoice.I can't seem to find a way to reconcile the amount as am un-able to bring up the purchase invoice to go with the sales invoice.
Hi allI pay for my travel and parking, amongst other things, with my business debit card.I assume that I need not create an expense claim for these as I'm not going to reimburse from the business account, back to the same account.When I travel or park, it's not always for the same customer, so I can't assign a bill to a customer for it.I tried to set up a rule in the reconciliation page, but I'm a little stuck there.Not sure how I should handle these.What I would like to do is have a bill that is generic.
When adding a receipt, one of the fields listed is “categorise to an account” and the options listed are:I want to be repaidOrBank account 1Bank account 2EtcMy question is, how do I add a specific account (Drawings – already in use in desktop xero) to the list, or if I use the option “I want to be repaid” will that reflect onto my drawings account?Can I modify the list available on the mobile app from within desktop xero?
When the funds do hit the bank account the bank feed then produces another transaction that needs to be reconciled, but I can't because the invoice has already been reconciled against the eWay transaction.I would like to keep this automated if possible.In eWay I have the Payment Account set to "200 - sales"(I also have the credit card surcharge account as "200 - sales" but no one has used a credit card to pay yet)Can anyone help please?
Hi everyone, I'm recently started using Xero and am still learning how to use if fully...My dilemma is that I have just received a 50% up front part payment for a project that I had quoted for via our old system... so in Xero I have neither a quote or invoice created for this project yet.Since it is a part payment for a project to be completed (a few months in the future)... What is the best workflow in this situation?Thanks for any advice/tips!
I hop someone can help me out on that.Following Situation:I have 5 bank accounts in my chart of accounts- HKD Savings- HKD Current- USD Savings- SGD Savings- Time deposit account (HKD)I have added a bill in Xero and it is in MYR, but I paid it online with my USD account.Now when I want to record the payment in Xero, I can only select my HKD accounts.
Hi,I'm sure this very simple and obvious but I'm a newbie and I’ve run into a question as I’m setting up my accounts:When reconciling bank accounts, what account should I use for credits that should not be part of my taxable income?Here are some examples, -I sell a personal item and the money goes into my bank account- A Medicare rebate-Family Allowance from Centerlink-Board/ lodging from a family member881- Funds introduced?
Bringing new clients on with 50, 100, 500 asset line items is just not going to happen, especially if I have to allocate the acc dep account to each one manually.I still think Xero is the best accounting system I have used, but there are hidden nuggets of "you have got to be kidding me" imbecilic features or lack thereof such as the above and the lack of running totals, suppliers ledger report etc.
On Standard Invoice Template it would be great if the remittance slip could include a spot for clients to put card details if that is how they want to pay.Something like the followingCard Number: _ _ _ _ / _ _ _ _ / _ _ _ _ / _ _ _ _    Expiry:  _ _ / _ _
I have managed to get  a rough approximation of what I want, but still have some gripes - for instance double line spacing where our business address is and the footer text defaulting back to Times Roman (I think) even though it is set to my preferred Century Gothic in Word.So, unless anyone can help me with the above, I am planning to download, buy if necessary, some pre-customised invoice templates.
You may choose to respond to the payment claim in either of the following 2 ways:• you may pay the payee the amount claimed in the payment claim in full on or before the due date:or• if you object to the payment claim, you may provide a written payment schedule to the payee, which must identify the payment claim to which it relates and indicate what you are prepared to pay (which can be nothing).
Has anyone noticed a change in the Session Time Out?Ours seems to log you out more frequently lately, and now when you go to log back in (which usually would take you straight back into Xero, it now says session time out, so you have to put all the login details in again - effectively logging in twice, instead of just once (like previously) doing this more frequently during the day is becoming a hassell,Has there been a change or can we change a setting so your log in time is longer and you only have to log back in once, not twiceThanks
It would be nice to be able to have the drop-down list of inventory items when entering quotes as you can when entering invoices, so you can add new inventory items without having to open the settings screen.I've also noticed that when you tab through the fields of the line items during entering a quote, it automatically adds a new line, which doesn't happen when entering an invoice (you have to click on "add a new line").
Give users the option to post journals without allowing them to view the full Adviser menu.This will enable the 'client-bookkeeper' with the ability to post journals without having full access to accounts, management reports etc.We have several clients who used to use Sage and would used to post wages journals themselves, but now we have to post these journals onto Xero otherwise we would be giving the client the Adviser role.
This is because previously when we set up each staff member separately any invoices that they created got sent from their personal email address.Please could you let me know if this situation has changed as what we would like to happen is the following:* each staff member has their own login (so that we have an audit trail, and so that they can't see sensitive info)* all sales invoices are sent from one central email address and NOT the user that created themI appreciate your thoughts on this issue.Ally
Mind you, users still need to be able to create invoices and take payment, but I just don't want people to create new items willy-nilly.I've created a dummy user account to test what my users will actually see on screen, but I can't see a way to allow the creation of sales invoices while prohibiting creating new inventory items.Thanks!
The next pay day is on 13/02/2017, and when I try to create timesheets for 16/01/2017 and prior, the only period that is shown on the timesheet section is that of the 13/02/2017.I was just wondering how I can fix this drop down "period" box  in the timesheet tab to show the period of 16/01/2017.Any help or feedback would be greatly appreciated!
For example, you might have 'Allowances subject to tax withholding and super' measured in a fixed amount, and 'Ordinary Hours' measured in hours.Allowances subject to tax withholding earnings rate is a fixed amount, whereas Ordinary Hours is measured in Hours.When you fill out a timesheet, you'll only be able to enter earnings rates that are measured in the same time units as the employee's ordinary earnings rate (as shown on their Employment tab).
Hi,The title mention account appears to have been the previous default account for wages payable.There are currently four transactions sitting in this account that were coded as part of a pay run against employee deductions.Instead of being applied against the wages expense (as the deduction related to a previously overpaid amount), these deductions were posted to 81550.I need to transfer these amounts to wages expense however there is no way to do a manual journal against this account.
When they process annual leave for an employee, the leave is correctly reported as used in the leave section of the payslip, but under the Salary & Wages section it is reported as hours paid under their Ordinary Earnings Rate.The issue the client has is that their previous payroll system would show the line under Salary & Wages as Annual Leave so employees knew they were being paid annual leave.
Obviously Xero support is useless here with a 24 hour turnaround, no phone number and no live chat... meanwhile my employees are expecting to be paid in the next 3 hours.I've found a number of threads about, but none seem to just answer the simple question of how to add &#163;x on top of somebody's salary each month.Any ideas please and many thanks in advance?
If I adjust the Gross salary to &#163;4,800, all the calcs for tax and NI are correct but obviously it doesn't show the correct salary, and then the pension contribution is incorrect.EE is &#163;372.56 and should be &#163;368.56ER is &#163;596.71 and should be &#163;569.11I must be missing something is set up but cannot find anything.much appreciated
8% of $2,590.00 gross earnings=$207.20•	Next time Employee X will accrue the extra 8 hours as he would have reached the dollar value – as he is almost there at this pointIt isn’t until the dollar value is reached ($224 in Employee X's case) that the annual leave of 8 hours accrues.In short it appears on his payslip that he is now 16 hours behind what he believes to be his AL balance.
I have tried to add Bereavement Leave (8 hrs) to his payslip through this system - Payroll>Employees>(His name)>Leave tab>Assign Leave Type (Bereavement Leave is not listed in the drop down) Then, when I click on New Leave Request>Type of Request,Bereavement Leave then Description and start and end date is inserted - I get a circular motion on the screen but nothing happens!
HelloMy client is launching the business on 4/1/17The business will hopefully receive money into the business bank account.From the proceeds we will need to deduct between 5-10% commission for our service and the pay the remaining funds to the host.Does anyone know an app which can handle this automatically?I have been in touch with receipt bank but I am not sure if this would work for us and I just need some helpful advice.Thank youRegardsMark Sims
Would anyone be interested in testing with us?We are offering 12 months free us of the software for the first 5 beta users simple email us at info@cattech.com.au to get on board.EASEEsell is an online B2B catalogue that supports Punch-Out electronic procurement from a large array of procurement systems from SAP, Oracle, Ariba, Coupa and others.
Does anyone use these systems if so what is the Pro's and Con's that y'all have noticed?I would really like a system to handle different pricing for every product that we sell as each customer has their own pricing, also would like to see adhoc reports that can forecast what needs to purchased in case the inventory is low, What is being sold more that we probably need to keep of stock.I would appreciate any suggestions other than these above systems that could be of better assistance.
Using chromeEntering an InvoiceScroll down to click on SaveHave to click again - Now get the Drop down BoxClick again - to Select "save and add another"Screen prompts to higher in the pageScroll down again to click on saveNothing happensSo Invoice not savedNow cant even select "save and add another"have cleared cache, etchave logged in / out / inhave gone out of invoices and back inGet to do a few morethen it happens againFrustrated 200 plus invoices to go
when the quote I am doing exceeds say 20 lines, then Xero starts playing up.If I select for eg., Qty and enter 1 and the click on next field Unit Price, the screen moves and the cursor lands on the bottom of the page.Too be honest I am sick of the time wastage and Xero Support does not seem to do anything about it at all.Xero is a highly unstable software when it comes to doing quotes as at times the prefilled GL account details disappear.
For example, the 'save' button does not work in order to save amendments to a contact; and the 'export' batch button doesn't export the batch.Again this works perfectly in Safari (with the same user and same access permissions).I have checked that I am running the most up to date version of Chrome and I can confirm that no changes have been applied to the general Chrome settings.Trusting that someone will be able to point me in the right direction.Thanks in advance.Bryan
We have always just swallowed the time in the past as it didn't take long, probably 20 minutes for each user maximum.Having spoken to Mark (our account manager), I explained that I accept that certification needs to happen (I don't agree that it needs to be by way of testing necessarily however) but the system change has just added many dozens of hours to my firm's donation to the Xero training black hole!
what a time consuming mess for us, plus when activating bank feeds in Xero we were never aware we were signing up to a third party app...and yes our bank does offer direct bank feedsThis is IMHO a problem with Yodlee changing the info they feed through, therefore Xero should be talking to Yodlee and sorting it out....unless of course I am the only Xero customer with this problem?
We have found the system to be a perfect fit from an accounting/reporting perspective to enable us to keep track of our financials.We would like to know if there are other users in the Phillip Island area to enable us to meet/share ideas to enable greater effectiveness.Please contact me via this group or feel free to contact me via M_archdeacon@yahoo.comThanks, Michael Archdeacon
When creating a quote for a client that is not in your contact lists the auto-population of the drop down interferes with creation of a new contact.If the contacts name is short, you can normally get it in quick enough to avoid the auto-population clearing the name box.However if you take slightly longer than normal, or are typing a longer name, the input box is cleared and you need to try again.
I sent a invoice for 125 x 0.005  from one system using XERO to XERO and it got translated to 125 x 0.01So even though you added the facility to charge for little items like SMS messages at 0.005 per message the XERO- XERO truncates this to 2 decimal places.DO I GET A BOTTLE OF NEW ZEALAND WINE FOR FINDING THIAS
I like the feel of the system and the fact I can access it from anywhere.I like the fact you now have this community forum.I like the fact I get upgrades without begging for them from the supplier.I like the enthusiasm shown at the Roadshow.I like the fact I did my UK payroll while sitting on my couch with my tablet in hand at 23:00 last night and it posted straight to my bank and xero.My only concern is how applicable Xero is to larger organisations.
CLUSTER 147
I wanted to start also using the separate tax reporting option for the assets, but when I follow the instructions I have no tax reporting tab in the assets section.
The returned file is almost complete - the only thing we had to do was add bank details, check account balances (all good); set up the invoices and we're ready to go.
CLUSTER 149
I have noticed that there is no option to put items like interest expense and depreciation below the line so that the P&L gives an EBIT or EBITDA calculation.
I.e Search for all items with no tracking and then be able to bulk assign tracking using the find and recode options
CLUSTER 155
What can't it do, what are it's limitations?
Are they sent out?
CLUSTER 156
It hooks up to your bank account and allows you to transfer money to other Dwolla members quickly and easily with a single, low transaction cost of .25 cents.I'd love to offer my clients the ability to pay via Dwolla but currently, there is no easy way to synchronize Xero and Dwolla.
It seems as though for e-sign the ATO requires that a method that is reasonable has been used to identify the person's signature (for example their email address).Does anyone else see a security risk here sending two tax returns to one email address then for e-signature?ThanksLuke
Hello,I am having this problem where a bank rule does not trigger because I have previously manually created a "spend money" for it and it defaults to that instead of the Bank Rule.I need it to use the rule instead of this previously entered transaction but for the life of me can not figure out how.Please help and many thanks in advance.ThanksMarcus
CLUSTER 163
Just found out it is not possible to pay an employee's Expense Claim via their wages (ie a payroll Reimbursement Item).While The '801 Unpaid Expense Claims' internal Xero account *can* be assigned to a Payroll Reimbursement Item in Settings, it *cannot* be used in the Accounts Payable invoice that gets generated from the pay run.
Example: the  "Payroll liability: federal" account (which pays for taxes withheld from employees as well as the employer taxes) shows OK in accrual reporting (taxes are paid sent out the same day the pay run is completed so the debits equal the credits and the net movement is zero).However, when I run the same report in cash basis (last quarter), the same account is showing the same amount of credit but zero debits (again, all taxes are paid the same day the pay run is done).My accounting is on cash basis so this is kind of important.Ideas?Thank you very much in advance.
CLUSTER 166
I have removed all the settings from the few customers I changed and tried to reset each invoice to tax inclusive (lets me select on the invoice) but the invoices still print as exclusive.
There are add on products but having something within Xero would be even better as this is where small business owners  spend the majority of time.
I therefore import hundreds of invoices into xero in bulk (via the csv import option) and have to manually mark them as paid.
P&L report does not compare all months of the year - missing are months 4, 5, 7,8, 9, 10 & 11...Very frustrating
Is it because Xero does not allow to enter payroll for current periods and then go back and enter historical pay runs for the same financial year.
Hello,We are looking at moving our payroll over to Xero from our new financial year early next year, can anybody give me any advise with the move.
CLUSTER 172
Of course, I can calculate the exchange rate, but do I really have to?Why can't I just provide it the amount pulled from my bank account?As this is my private bank account, I can't upload a bank statement into Xero.
My peeve today is about the fact that last Friday my checks printed fine but today they are two lines off and now I have to void all my checks, reset the whole thing and start over again.
I am new to xero and my organisation is new to xero.I have entered my conversion balances for my bank account but when carrying out the reconciliation the opening balance is different to my conversion balance.
I am just starting with Xero, looks good if anything more than what I need but everything is there.We are a small shop retailing equipment, so we have anything from 30+ suppliers that we buy stock from and sell to the general public.
Currently there is a feature where assigned billing expenses are linked to the transaction and you are able to check on these but once the Invoice is paid, this feature is gone and there is no way to check what assigned billing transactions these are from.
Good Afternoon.First, I would like to say I love your product.I noticed when printing checks the invoice date did not show up on the remittance advice, nor was there an option to add that in the set up of the remittance advice.
This will assist organisations who have large employee numbers to ensure that authority limits are adhered to.The current user levels within Xero assist organisations with the "what" an employee is able to perform, but not the "$" limit of their authority.
and any idea how to correct the RTI filing which has now gone off incorrectly without the SMP recovery in it?I've added SMP to the payslip (having calculated it on HMRC web site), but its not showing on the P32 under SMP recovery.
The Xml file download is gobbledegook!I would be nice to see a "submission certificate" with HMRC response as well as a PDF Doc detailing what has actually been submitted.
CLUSTER 175
I wish I could just do this portion all manual because i don't want this portion to look like actual sales on my end because it's not but all the money is deposited into my account.
Since I essentially am the business, this is a bad thing.I now have to go back and edit a year's worth of data and am wondering what code I should use.
I am finding it very frustrating that when a customer has multiple invoices owing and they make a payment, Xero is not automatically allocating the payment to the oldest invoicing owing.
Any portfolio that is of any value will most likely have brokerage accounts in different currencies (NZD, USD, AUD) for the receipt of dividends/interest and cash transfers.
If the last day for making a payment or providing a payment schedule falls on a day that is not a working day, you may do so on the next working day after that day.
CLUSTER 179
No tax issues are there.
However, it does not with Xero.
It's a simple calculation!
but i can not delete it.What to do?ThanksMel
Xero does the opposite!
Kind regardsSam "That's it !!!
CLUSTER 181
THEY ARE NOT MATCHING anymore.
So frustrating I can't stand it.
What's the best way to do this?
It has me fairly freaked out.
Now it includes terminated.
It seem unclear.
CLUSTER 184
That what is happening if any of you are having the same issue with your bank feed.
There are lots of software packages that have this option.
Our bank has changed where the information is stored.
All our other bank feeds are working correctly.
Can someone assist me how to rectify this issue?
CLUSTER 185
Where do I find the email address to send them to?
We then email them to the clients and import them into Xero.
It looks like there is room in the report for that.
and at the bottom click to send a copy to myself.
Why not allow that to hyperlink directly to the contact?
Hi,I am new to XERO and to the organization.
There were a couple of hurdles along the way.
However, when I go to view them I can't see them?
CLUSTER 186
Can anyone explain how I can group expenses in Xero against one item/stock to calculate total cost of that item?Many Thanks
I want to be able to run a report that shows all the 'transfer money' transactions from our UK (GBP) bank to our French (Euro) bank.
At present the new release allows you to email a PDF of a Xero invoice, and this now also emails separate attachments if you include them with the invoice.
Currently, there is the ability to email or print an sales invoice - but the email feature does not allow to add an attachment to support the feature.
CLUSTER 187
I have confirmed that the period is 1st April - 30th June 2016.What am I doing wrong?
If I put the single payment against one invoice obviously it creates an overpayment.
I'm happy to use any bank, just really need the bank feeds to be working.
We would like one of our employees that is based in the US, to have a payrun in USD.
I'd really like to see Xero add a report builder to the solution.
Also unsure of which amounts need to go on the ETP Payment Summary?
CLUSTER 190
I know there are some for the date but are there others?Ideally I would like to be able to: - add a new line without having to use the mouse - the tab key does not seem to take me to the "add new line" button.
Aswell as this they would like to keep track of client leads, be able to do bulk emails and basic CRM tasks.Does anyone have any recommendation of Add Ons that work well with Xero to do this, or even one Add on that can do both?Thank you for your timeCeleste
CLUSTER 191
I tried the "mark as reconciled" option, but it makes the account negative because the feed doesn't go back far enough, and I don't want it to show negative when it is not.Thank you
To get the ball rolling as I mentioned , we’ve released some new functionality today to allow you to export Fixed Assets, and delete unused asset types.
I have just started using Xero and have  noticed that when I reconcile wages that it double enters the payment for some reason and so my wages bill is effectively twice as large as it should be.
CLUSTER 197
These are now showing up on my balance sheet.
Please fix it Xero!
It would be uber helpful.
CLUSTER 200
We have clients who forecast on a cash basis and we report against this, but still have to export to excel to compare... (we load out budget as "YEAR - cash" as opposed to the accrual budget which is just "YEAR")Looking forward to the reply :)
At present we can set up an item, add a description in the item and it will appear in the sales or purchase when item is being used.However quite often the item might be set up as a general item and further individual details for the separate transaction is added to the description.
Can anyone help?I have sent an email to Xero support but that takes 24 hours and I need to do the final pay run today.Alternatively does anyone have a phone number for Xero support?RegardsDanny
CLUSTER 202
All has been well and working great but I'm paying for two of a few things and one of the businesses isnt nearly as profitable as the other.
It would be nice to have the payment notes indicate the date paid, check number and the amount of payment when viewing the invoice.
I'd like to make a rule that when it sees it's fro Square to do a transfer from our 'Cash Exchange - Square'.Is this possible?If not can it be added as a request?
If an employer has casual employees Xero payroll does currently not calculate the average daily pay rate for the employee.
I have to accounts connected and one has transactions from the 9.nov and the other from the 7.nov and today is the 11.nov.How can I refresh?
Anyone with access to creating a contact record is able to enter bank information on the record, and change that at any point in time.
CLUSTER 207
I'm trying to create a Docx invoice template, but it keeps displaying both the item name and description - which I don't want it to do.
The old GL exceptions report is useful to pickup errors when processing GST & BAS returns.
I want to send them a draft invoice notice that is payable online that I can convert to a formal invoice when they pay.
Unfortunately this does not seem to be the case and all of the claims are now voided and there doesn't appear to be an obvious way to undo the void.
We want to be able to enter the values of sales for a variety of cash code items (e.g.
But, if I go to Payroll > Employees, then click on the history tab, it does not show that past payrun (neither the original or the revised).
To add to my confusion, the "other half" of the transaction sometimes shows as reconciled in our checking account transaction screen!
(I am aware I can see it all by going to Jobs/Jobs, but this is less than ideal).Is it possible to make that change in the future?
CLUSTER 212
I feel kind of thick, but I can't see how to do that.
The same for when payment summaries are emailed as well.
So it's a shame I have to run a spreadsheet so I can read them.
I then made the correct payment seperately.
CLUSTER 217
If I disposed of these in the normal way, wouldn't this create a double entry?
Can we please be able to edit or delete notes on invoices?
But since the payments are made manually there is no rush to record it.
"Fortunately we paid it manually but now we don't have it processed...it's just stuck in pending.
CLUSTER 221
It's hard for me to believe that this doesn't exist.
Not all tools offer all the features.
We found out the hard way.
I dont seem to be able to do this?
CLUSTER 227
Hello,My request is to remove the ?utm_source=email from the link in the Online Invoice Link placeholder.We present bills to our buyers and it looks bad with this extension.
I can get it to include the time sheet information but the natratoce of the bill just lists everything in one section and totals it all - there is no breakdown so the client cannot tell who did what and at what cost.
Hi, complete newbie here - I've searched on here and online but can not find the answer to something which seems so blindingly straightforward.I've raised a Purchase Order and sent it to Supplier and the goods have now arrived in the warehouse.
However, you must record collections against open invoices before using 0CPAs to OK entries.Extract sorted bank reconciliations to Excel:This lets you only look once at many entries.
It downloads then when I try ans open the file is says Adobe Acrobat Reader could not open the file because it is either not a supported file type or because the file has been damaged.
It didn't bounce so i assume it went somewhere.Brittanny in her email today says "In the meantime, to answer your question, we have no intention of turning off the Yodlee feeds for Natwest after Aug 2015"But that isn't the answer to my question.
CLUSTER 229
I can't afford to pay an accountant so i'm hoping to keep on top of all this myself using Xero.
This doesn't seem to be the correct action and is causing confusion with our customers when we forget to delete it.
Why doesn’t Xero show the true position of the GL account in the chart of accounts.
However, I have perhaps as many as 1,000 transactions in Xero that are unreconciled.
Do i need to tick that only if the employee is Permanent resident and Australian Citizen.
The app features are useless and the screen does not even rotate to landcape format.
CLUSTER 233
A small thing I know, but can you enable the pressing of enter?
The link for the invoice wasn't directed to Xero but a sharepoint box.
The search box was the quickest way for me to locate contacts.
CLUSTER 238
These assets are operational within the organisation and should remain on the Fixed Asset Register.
So, I set the payroll calender to monthly but it doesn't seem to make any difference.
I need to set up recurring monthly payments to reconcile with the bank repayments.
I will not say that any of the other services are perfect but, at least they get the accounting done correctly.
CLUSTER 241
Will it matter if I can't?
What can you do to help him.
CLUSTER 245
When I try to add a feed (paypal, scotia, cibc) or whatever, most times it doesn't show up...
When entering income and expenditure a portion is often GST and the balance is GST free.
Each invoice to a customer will require a commission calculation to be made and accrued to the reps account.
We have just laid off our remaining casual staff but we may take them back on again in the new year.
I am having a real issue processing payments our company has made when our goods enter the country.
Their production is largely determined by their sales orders which are entered into Xero as a draft Sale.
It doesn't matter which browser we use, IE, Firefox or Chrome, the problem still exists.
CLUSTER 246
It was perfectly matched.
"Done" doesn't seem to do it?
It's so different than QB.
I don't see a way to do this.
Can't seem to find it.
I can't find it anywhere.
But i can't find it on the app.
Can this be increased to 200?
It cannot be removed.
I cannot find where to do this!
I can't find any information on how to do this.
I can't seem to work it out.
I can't seem to work that out at all.
CLUSTER 247
Am I able to do this in Xero?
It would be great if you are.
Can you help me with how to set this up?
It shows empty.
CLUSTER 251
In terms of tax purposes, is it better for me to save this money in my company’s account and pay myself a dividend cheque when I saved enough, or pay myself regularly, and save the money in my personal bank account?
I also know it's not perfect (depreciation, AIA etc), but for the vast majority of businesses it will give a good idea of the funds available to the owners.EVERY SINGLE ONE of my clients has asked me for this.
CLUSTER 253
I tried to add it to the NZ Business Number field in the settings but it only allows a 13 digit number for companies (charities are CCnnnnn).
I have some questions:Has anyone found a solution that works with the cash accounting version of Xero or is invoice upgrade a must?Has anyone had experience of using OneSaas?
CLUSTER 254
When it comes to doing bank rec I can't make a match as it only recognises NZD or USD billed invoices.
At the moment, Xero simply divides the number of total hours per fortnight over the number of days.
CLUSTER 267
Xero posts all Accounts Receivable to account 610 but I would like to have a split between Intercompany AR and Thirds AR.Unfortunately I'm not able to ask the person who originally setup xero how some things were done as this person is not longer with our company.Any input would be much appreciated.
At the moment, you can view the Find & Recode History for each individual session by clicking into the summary from the Find & Recode page.It would be great to be able to run a report to show all or selected history sessions at a glance, rather than having to drill into each individual session to see what has been recoded.
As there is not feature that enables clients to print out their payment allocations of invoices (aka batch payments / payment runs) have had to get creative with issuing clients a "Payment Run Report".My clients log in and set a planned date (their payment run date) for all the invoices they are wanting to pay, they allocate the payments and then email me.
CLUSTER 268
I know this is a cross currency discrepancy (the invoice in US Dollars was paid from our Australian Account) but I don't know how to deal with the credit amount.
After reconciling one bank account, the obvious thing to do is to move on the next bank account with unreconciled transactions.But from the "Great job!
We have been reviewing our document management system recently and the one complaint and limitation all suppliers have made is that Xero Tax in Australia does not have an API.
Can you please add a search function for account mapping, currently we have to locate each account  which can be frustrating when playing with financial statements.
For example, you may wish to allocate part of the invoice to one GL code and the balance to another, each with a differing description.
CLUSTER 276
Any pointers as to what I can do?
Any pointers as to what I can do?
Do I ignore it?
There are no mispostings!!
CLUSTER 277
Hi Xero, I know that you can physically type into G15 "Estimated purchases for private use or not income tax deductable" in the activity statement report, but that won't download the adjustment into our financial statements program (i know that we should be using your system to generate financial statements, but currently Xero does not cater for livestock trading statements & SBE pooling of assets so we are not able to do so yet).
I am relatively new to Xero after crossing from MYOB.I am mostly happy, but I am extremely disappointed that when I want to send a follow-up statement because an invoice payment has been missed, it includes the invoices that have been paid as well as the unpaid invoice.
CLUSTER 282
I have only been using Xero for a couple of months and have gone through the tutorials and help files and done what they have suggested but still no luck.Thank you in advance.
Would there be a possibility to create feature through the inventory tab to stop duplicate invoicing, it is something that only occurs occasionally, but when it does happen, it can be embarrassing.
This may seem really simple but when adding a bill that has been paid do I need to add individual items from the receipt?
It is possible to drag and drop into alphabetical order at the client level, but this adds a lot of extra time to preparing reports.
Ie if I make a quote or invoice out to Acme Ltd, I'd like to show their name in the file name e.g.
As this is also a request by Accountants at the end of the financial year, this will eliminate the end of year work checklists for both clients and Accountants.
I made a payment of £26k with my internet banking, but it didn't seem to go through, so I tried again, turns out the bank need to contact me to authorise it.
Currently, I got 4 clients who want to move to Xero but I can not offer them any discount ?Can anyone please help ?Thanks in advancePeter
We are based in Australia, but the new employee will be working in China and I understand that he therefor is a Chinese resident for tax purposes.
But Xero has now doubled the figure in month 2 which is incorrect, this field should never be higher than &#163;5,824.
CLUSTER 289
The company does have a bank account but no debit/credit card.
They are CHEQUES.Please reflect proper language settings.
I can't find any way to edit multiple invoice templates at once.
When we have a client ask for their over payments to be refunded the task is onerous!
At the moment when a note isn't needed the only option to remove it is delete.
CLUSTER 296
It is strange that there isn't an option to input the QTY when I'm inputting the inventory itemThanks, Barret
But then I decided maybe I needed to enter the balances from before the start of my financial year!
CLUSTER 298
Or what should we do for this type situation?I found this discussion of the same problem but the original poster didnt think in the same way of just cancelling out the duplicate sales.
I have been trying to make payments and once I try to export the file, there prompts an error saying that an "Internal Reference Number is required".
To ensure business bank account has ALL business transactions recorded, I am paying back my personal credit card each of the transactions.
Hi Xero Community, I need help finding the best way to process/reconcile Grabone Sales in Xero.
I understand that I can record the payment from the 'Expense Claims' pane of the dashboard with payment from the petty cash account I created on the dashboard.
?I can see I can change the item in the purchase invoice from Holding Stocks to 'International Sale' but how do I link that Cost to the right Sale??
The TB's from both systems agree so im happy that all transactions are correct.My problem is that I have tried to compare VAT returns where I have some differences.
A very simple business to start with as we'll operate it from the UK to start with.We've had one good offer but we need a comparative quote.Any offers?
The Sales Tax Report does not seem to pull from Expense Claims.Any help would be most appreciated.Thank you,Adam Lerner
Started using Purchase Orders in XERO, and in the preview, the "item" column displays, but it does not appear in final Purchase Order.
We have since paid the amount again and all is well.Given that the original invoice in Xero was reconciled, what do I code the reversal and the 2nd payment to?
For 2011 the company had a loss which I want to show as being carried forward into the 2012 profit and loss so that it is deducted from this year's profit.
When I try to get feeds the information requested is not the kind of information that is held on a business account, ie 'What was your first school?
I have recently refinanced to St George from NAB and have been advised that St George can not send data feeds for standard loans.
What Account would I select say if a freight company damages my goods with their services and they require me to invoice them the damaged items.
But I know I don't want to record it as a booking fee because I want that $50 to go to whatever the person bought, e.g.
The problem is that when I try to go Manage (BanK) Account from the Dashboard it displays that the Bank Feed has been activated, which it has not been from the new account.
I have set up the conversion balance date as 1-7-2013 and I want to input all July to Nov transactions into Xero.
My plan is to switch to Xero at the first of the new year but as I was setting up our chart of accounts, something occurred to me and I emailed support about it.
Hi,When creating a New Invoice the 'To' field is no wider than the Date fields and actually smaller than the 'Invoice #' and Reference fields.
See screen grab here;http://d.pr/i/xUBgtAAt this point, all I want to do is take a photo of a 'matched' items receipt.
Hi,When filling out the timesheets for our employees, it currently does not fill in authorised holidays which makes filling out the timesheet a lot more complicated than it is.
When creating report templates and adding address fields, the 'Attention' field from the Xero address is brought in - this needs to be removed.
The integration between Adobe Sign and Xero has already been created and is in use (for practice manager) so why can't all Xero users have access to this feature??
I'd like to be able to copy and paste individual lines from one invoice to another, saving me from entering the same data again and again, thanks.
I can set up groups but this doesn't tidy the initial screen, Would prefer it that as organisations are added to groups that there is a list of 'ungrouped' that can be tidied.
When you create a bill, the purchase price for an inventory item that appears is the last inputted price would be greatly appreciated
However, the issue I have with this report that it includes money received from all contacts including bank interest and other "Receive Money" transactions.
I can enter them as a spend money through the bank reconciliation and code as an overpayment on the supplier's account, showing the account with a credit balance.
Is it possible to consider applying limits on the $$$ that particular users are able to apply to transactions when approving purchase orders & invoices.
)I know you can shrink the whole zoom ratio using IE10 Tools, but this makes the print too small to read comfortably.
I know you can go into My Xero to see the complete list, but that's another click of the mouse whereas there's room on this list to show more.
I can print multiple but can't send and it's frustrating and time consuming.We have the ability to send multiple invoices so don't see why it can't be the same for Quotes?Or am I just doing it wrong?
Perhaps a solution along the lines of the checkbox recently added to the the view in the 'All' tab of the Invoice account could work?
For example you may have a budget against a supplier for $44K comprising of a few line items that matches your budget and a contract to supply for that amount.
So then when he goes to page 2, the search term is lost and it's really hard to tell which customers still haven't had statements sent.
When clicked, an audit trail is displayed.Currently, if you email a client their invoice or print their invoice, the entry in Xero is exactly the same.
Can you please include the ability to filter the aged receivables with tracking categories to allow them to report receivables per location?
It is something easy to miss when processing the pay and a report printed before the pay run is posted  would highlight any missed.
What I hadn't noticed was that Xero was not making an allowance for the 0.2% tax relief that the employees get, so the full 1% has been deducted.
All I can see are options for weekly, 4 weekly, monthly etc and can't see any way to set up a calendar that matches our periods.
Of the time-tracking add-on partners that I have used that do push revenue invoices across none of them push payroll as well.
If I bought cleaning products at the supermarket which are tax deductible and these were easily identifiable then a lot of money would be saved by the business.
Can you please add a way to uplift provisional tax payments to be a voluntary tax type (currently you have S,R,E).
Up to now, please let me know if I am doing this correctly?I have a question, when I record the incoming money as non-liability account, what does it mean to the cash?
I've very much enamoured with relatively new the search facility (the wee "+" sign on the top rhs) but recently, it has stopped working.
In the 'old reports' we were able to filter by customer name on the customer invoice report, but this feature has been removed in the 'new reports'.
As a convenience for my clients I want to offer them the option of paying their invoice in their own currency, which will be either $CAD, $USD, GBP or Euros.
But with this supplier I have to take care not to accept the auto-suggestion.I do not want to turn off auto-suggestion as a whole.Thanks,Tom
When I want to connect my bank feeds, however, it stated on my internet banking that my business account seems to be connected with Xero.
This will now be quite a difficult job as none of us live in a perfect world where people process their expenses timely and correctly...!
When I run a Budget Variance Report for Current Financial Year the current month shows zero balances for everything.
I have sent both a Detailed Account Transaction Report and the Account Transations report to our business advisor but it does not contain all the information about our accounts.
We did this via an inventory adjustment, but Xero's journal on the back-end, automatically does it on an accrual basis, with no option to do it on a cash basis.
Is it just through MasterCard?Having moved to the Netherlands from the UK 6 months ago, I still have a uk account which has Visa debit which I can use.
It may be that I'm totally doing it wrong!I have rental money that comes in periodically, combined with a statement from the agency that itemises all the income/expenses.
a stationery bill needs to go 20% to Div 1, 20% to div 2 and 60% to div 3.How do I do this???
We're currently trailing the Xero accounting package, but want to try features with our data in the "live" company rather than the demo.
"Now i have tested the file on our demo account and it works fine but when trying on my clients Xero account that error occurs.Any suggestions?
Hi,I am trying to use custom contact links using the Contact ID to link to an internal database system.
Since I can't find it, and it appears in several different places on different pages with exactly the same instructions, has it been removed, moved or is it just invisible.
Hi,I'd like to post a payment on account to a suppliers account, ie post the payment ahead of receiving the invoice.
HELP!So I put all the contact data into a CSV file and IMPORTED into Xero.It has merged all the contacts, but the contact details are all over the place.
I am currently importing all the transactions from the financial year so far (starting 1 April 2015) but I've come up against a couple of niggles.
The Accrual issue is sorted but now i need to remove the excess accrued hours from their leave balance but I cannot figure out how to do this.Thanks
That's right, it's not time to delete Selenium quite yet - but you will need to update the script.If you've previously been using assets, you're in for a treat.
Hi there, thank you in advance for your support,I was able to add the TD Canada bank, with all my feeds, I have 4 accounts added into it.
I am able to get it right when it's a single payment for a single invoice and its short - its just when there are more than 1 invoices it doesnt seem to be easy.
My client has been requesting sales orders in XERO since early 2012, however this function is not on the drawing board which is disappointing.
I've attached the pdf using the "to include in the online quote" but as the name suggests this only appear online and not in the email that goes to the client.
When we manually code them up as a RECEIVE money transaction (with 3 or 4 lines in it), we can't SPLIT the payment reconciliation when the EFT comes in.
For example, when doing bank reconciliations, would be nice if there was a way to send off alert notifications for unexplained/unidentified transaction items.
Is this feature available in the trial or do I have to pay first?I kept getting an error when click in save, it asks me to contact support.
I already came across this list - http://help.xero.com/help/Settings_InvoiceBrandingFields.htm - but I don't think it has all the fields.
I know we are all pretty darn busy and don't have time to learn all the Add-Ons but want to make the right decision for our clients.
Hi all,I successfully imported all our sales into Xero withiout issue but I cannot get the bills import to work properly.
For example, the GST amount in bills from Telstra is less than 10% (presumably because a component of their service is exempt); e.g.
When I do a pay run I want to see this come up as a liability, and when it is paid I want it to be moved to expenses.Any ideas of how I can handle this in Xero?
The employee name, Super Fund, membership number and amount distributedIt seems that this information - which is legally mine - is not available to me.
Hi guys,I've been using XERO for a while now and I've just noticed something that shouldn't be.I know I haven't been using all the features how I'm suppose to, I just use what I need and do the basics.
I have published our latest Qtly BAS but have now noticed that I have entered a figure incorrectly.How do I rectify this?I have not sent it to the ATO yet (I don't think!
We have an employee who is owed lots of holidays and would prefer to take an extra week pay rather than the weeks holiday.
Since the new withholding is effective from 1st of October, does it mean Xero will pro rata based on payment period?
When I enter their days, the tax is calculated on the fortnightly tax table instead of the daily and casual workers tax table.
This is quite frustrating when you have couples working for your company & they do not want to have to set up multiple email addresses for the sake of receiving their payslips.
Hi,we switched to Xero starting March 1, and during the transition phase we continued to process our Payroll through our old system.
When I try to choose the "Deduction Category" I do not see any category that seems to apply to pre-tax health insurance deductions.
I have recently reactivated Payroll and tried to perform a Pay Run but Xero will not allow me to because the Scheme Cease Date has been set.
It won't let me me process a payrun (and EPS) without employee information set up - but I don't have this because the client doesn't have any employees yet.Please advise!
As a company i have 2 contracts those 2 contracts are bring me a total revenue on 10000 per month , lets say.
As a company i have 2 contracts those 2 contracts are bring me a total revenue on 10000 per month , lets say.
with the weekly rate being &#163;88.45 does that mean I need two types.Am I missing something?Argggggh - what a farce.
It comes up as being approved but when I go to complete the next employee Timesheet the completed employee timesheet isnt flagged as being approved.
Hi,Over the Christmas break we Paid an employee holiday pay, now her account is saying she owes us 42 hours.
Any tips?With the relevant financial data in the Xero cloud, Fuelled can drastically simplify the process of funding your cash flow.
Any tips?Simply take pictures of the receipts with ABUKAI, and all the expenses show up in Xero - without ever having to type, check out .
Hello,I am trying to connect CIN7 to Magento 2 but I am getting the following error in CIN7 when I try to download the orders.
I have a client, a wholesale florist, who takes orders from florists, then travels to market and purchases all the stock he needs to fulfill the orders.
Is there an add-on that I can use to import csv files as a 'Receive Money' bank account transactions instead of an invoices to be received against.
I've tried disabling and reconnecting the add-on from both the Xero end and the Checkfront end as suggested by Checkfront support but it's not made a difference.
I need to reflect amount each line showing the figures inclusive and exclusive of GST and a sub total and the total amount.
DEAR dashboard has been improved to display a snapshot of your organisation’s financial position based on transactions entered into DEAR Inventory.
Not having much luck but wondered if anyone in the Xero Community could help or head me in the right direction,?Regards,Iain
Well overdue, if I may say so, but thank you for adding the new options under the "+" menu, which I'm seeing for the first time today.
I have explained numerous times that we cannot ask her for her passwords to reset but that is the answer Xero support keep coming back with.
Why would I employ a book-keeper so that I can spend my time on routine enquiries?Why does the request have to come from the email address i log in as?
The new Account Transactions report is good, but it would be great if Xero offered the same function as in Quickbooks with a FIND FUNCTION.
We have set our default to be Tax Inclusive on our sales invoices but see when we start a new invoice it reverts to Tax Exclusive.
They may be incompetent, they may be stalling, they may have lost them or the accountant might want copies - all are valid as a host of other reasons.
It has been returning an error for 24 hours now and need to determine if the latest upgrades have changed/caused issues or if it is an in house issueCheerscate
For example you may have a budget against a supplier for $44K comprising of a few line items that matches your budget and a contract to supply for that amount.
The difference may seem subtle but it makes things easier at our end and reduces some human error and saves time.
When sending invoices from the system sometimes the green tick is not displaying in the list and neither is their the notification at the foot of the invoice page.
CLUSTER 307
These are cash sales.
Why does this break the import?
Why are both showing as a debit?
All the bestColin Float.
CLUSTER 310
Actually, the bank deduct from our US$ account for the equivalent Yen I need.
However, when I came to pay one employee's salary, I paid too much.
Hello, all.I'm a small business owner in the UK and I'm relatively new to Xero.
However when I want to print a statement for them the Prepayment of the full amount does not show .
I have entered all my Sales invoices for the last couple of months and just put them in as sales.
Our business is vacation rental ownership and management, so we also own the properties we manage.
Am I just barking up the wrong tree to try to use Xero to do my property management?
My invoices are usually fixed rate buyouts based on client's budget.
I will be receiving the goods in January upon which I will pay the 70% balance of the bill.
We are considering a move to Xero, but I was hoping that they are able to handle the below situation:1.
You have introduced cheque printing for many countries but not for the UKCan we have this feature please?
Now, so that I can reconcile that transaction, I want to create an account in the Chart of Accounts to code it to.
I'm sending out cash to pay off a liability to the gov, but there's no liability on my books to pay off.
I know I can just JE them out, but how do I get them to stop showing up on Xero's reconciliation report?
But I'm wondering if setting up an A/R, A/P account for each project is the way to go.
The only reason that the billing discount exists is not something that the non-profit has a say in.
HiJust wondering how I get my profit and loss to include gst when reporting?
Or can I just mark the invoice as paid and enter in the date paid and which account it was paid from?
the construction, tables/chairs, IT equipment) I just add them all to a Fixed Asset Account.
Because these are overseas companies does that mean I can't claim GST on these subscriptions?Cheers,Logan
They use this account for office expenses, receivables etc anything that is to do their business.
I have been trying to locate an answer in the forum about this issue but have not been able to locate one.
But the items in question are tracked inventory and I don't want to add them to inventory until they are received.
Again, I read through all the requirements as well as differences (flat accounts in Xero etc.)
The original payment out of the bank account AND the refund of the payment into the bank account.
Hi,I have paid suppliers however those bank transactions are not appearing in Xero.
HI everyoneI missed the GST portion of a payment to one of our contractors.
My account is superb, but hasn't yet made the move to Xero - but I took the plunge.
I've tried creating a custom report, but the liability entries aren't even displayed.
The batch data looked good but we received a CSV file as output.
Xero has then automatically created names from the CSV file as a contact which I do not want.
- i can see them in the nominal legder accounts as SC conversion Balances?help!
I have already issued a refund (which will show in a couple of days on the bank statement).
I can see the group tick options, but on testing this on myself I received an email for each invoice.
Someone maybe can help me to solve this problem.Kind regards,Yolanda
The main issue is that I don't see where my cash account will be debited for the money that came in.
This means that the autosuggestions for reconciling (which detect the payee field) are nearly all incorrect.
I have a client that has multiple credit cards with Westpac that are linked under a single account.
Hello,Usually the fixed assets purchases that my company does, are paid in instalments.
Then when the funds settled in my bank account I credited the payment gateway account.
But then how do I reconcile the invoice when it comes in, because I have claimed the expenses under my accounts but I didn't end up paying for them.
recharge the hotel cost onto the client.I don’t seem to be able to match to this?!?
When entering each epense, I put the account as Directors' Loan Account.Is this correct?
My problem is that i have entered and paid off a number of suppliers invoices against the cheque account.
If that is so I'd like to be able to add a link to the online quote held by Xero.
Hi, I'm facing a problem I gather thousands of small businesses are struggling with.
The items were bought under 'direct cost of sales' but not yet sold under 'sales'.
if i use the expenses claim does that duplicate the items against say the fuel account?
By doing so, there's no record of their super on the bill or is this the point so that when I manually pay the super it is recorded then?
I am just entering all the data to start using xero from 1 July 2016.
I would really like to discuss some of these issues with one of your design analysts.
Everything seemed ok on the reports which I was going to download and send to my accountant.
I'm feeling a bit overwhelmed by all the problems I'm having to work round at the moment.ThanksAshleigh
I'm now concerned that she spends far too much time on bookkeeping and I could have her doing other things.
We have re-sent and it did say sent for a split moment (on the screen) but now there is no evidence of it being sent.
My customer ("A") wants the invoice to be addressed to their customer ("B") care of them ("A").eg.
When they are paid via the bank account; for some reason I have one that is not coming up as a match.
All our customers want only one invoice that shows all the line items and payments.
The problem is when you create a new purchase order, you select your items by the code.
Hi everyone, This is my first post in the community, so please be gentle if this has been asked before!
I did see someone else asked the same question but Xero then set up the account for him.
But right now the money isn't yet in my bank account but in merchant services and being transferred.
I need to record an owner capital contribution in the business to buy inventory..
A receipt from a food outlet/cafe from a staff member who is only out in the field irregularly6.
I've tried deleting this in the invoice template but it doesn't seem to want to print without this.
but didn't publish them or export the EMPDUPE file to go to the ATO.So do I now have to reconstruct them all manually?
He wants to stick with the POS software, so has asked if it's possible to import this to Xero.
Please contact me to advise of how it could be used meantime until it is up and running on your system
I'd love to see a way to know if I've successfully connected the PayPal feed.
Hi,Error message when importing bills, does not specify what exactly the problem is.
As this information is hidden you only know it is wrong after the invoice has processed it if you don't check each invoice before.
But when you view the number on screen (other than in the Contact edit screen) it appears with a dash.
They are venture focused bank much like Silicon Valley Bank.
I would like to see an option where changes can be made to contacts in bulk.
Hi guys,We've just noticed that there has been a change made to the visibility of client's TFNs.
Currently the payments to Expense Claims do not show from which bank the payment was effected.
It could recommend to me if there is a close match based on other items that I've mapped in the past.
The government use it to monitor taxes and offer some privileges to task payers.
I would like to see an acknowledgement when I send out payslips via email.
At the moment, the attachment list pop-up only has a delete button and no exit button.
As for us, each job that is done for the company will have its own reference for one of the jobs to be paid.
I feel that the ability to extract specific customer information is extremely limited.
However, since he was not the one to create them, he wasn't able to see the drafts I started.
Obviously if the 1st transaction is reconciled to the "2nd match" then that situation has to be dealt with.
Subject says all!We'll be manually creating payslips until the hourly rate can be hidden.
Xero does not save the Account and GST code for zero value PO's.
I can get the invoices that are fully paid, but it doesn't involve all the invoices that are partially paid.
When a new task/line item is added we just re-save the draft invoice.
We have our own chart of accounts which we commonly use for all of our clients based on their nature of the business.
We want to know what the income this year is rather than a rolling 12 months.
Can you add a feature where we can assign an entire Supplier Invoice to one customer?
What I recommend is that the first version of an invoice take a "copy" of the Contact details.
Practice Manager really needs to the ability to use email templates!
It would be very useful to be able to merge fixed assets when they are in "Draft" status.
It's incredibly frustrating when trying to write out a description, in few words (less than twitter?
There are quite a few  businesses that have $2 million in cross border transactions.thanks
This is something that Sage is able to automate via the recurring entries system.
The customer invoice report has a pull down option to select which status you want.
With the inventory tracking, it would be very nice if these invoices were itemized so that the inventory is updated from them.
I already have the product codes on Square matching those in Xero, but right now it does me no good.
Lien Bureau) as the contact but the check payee should appear as "City of ____"
To enter +7 is slower that clicking on the drop down calendar and selecting the date.
I can not find a way to record 1/2 days of annual leave?
I logged in thinking there were no transactions but the bank feeds have not pulled through from the bank yet!
I'd like to see a checklist on the Dashboard, so that at a glance I can see which clients are up to date.
As there are a lot of invoices each week, I can't track my communication when chasing these details.Thanks!
Not a problem at the moment for us to take orders over the phone or via email.
It would make my job so much easier when it comes to managing invoices.
It is an essential piece of data that we are required to keep and the notes section is inefficient.
Is there an option or way to choose only certain user or users to approve that invoice?
Dear Xero We use the tracking facility in Xero in almost all our transactions.
Can published reports in Xero be integrated to documents used to support workpapers?
This is a very manual process of matching up invoice numbers from what is on the supplier statement to what is in Xero.
reports have amounts rounded - can we have a setting to choose rounded or full numbers?
When editing a bank rule that has a ' in the title at step 7 this is misrepresented as &#39; .
This would be a great feature to add especially when there are potentially hundreds of contacts.
I'd like to see this also link directly to the transaction for simple editing.
This is an excellent addition to the Payroll Reports, but it really needs to have totalling added.
This way I can email paystubs at a future date (day they are getting paid)
However when I add a new bank account the feed shows up.Thanks
When I import bills in Purchases it works fine but it doesn't update the cost in Inventory.
I am in USA.I don't know if I'm in the right area to ask this but I hope if this is not it I can be guided somewhere.
I know there is 'tracking categories' but this is something you would have needed to implement from the start.
I don't want to enter them as expenses because I'm guessing that they'll show up twice in the Xero reports.
Failing more often than not but fully able to login direct to HSBC at the time.
We do not want to ask the client to provide an exported list, as this will totally inconvenience them.
I have searched through Xero help and the forums but cannot seem to find the solution.
My accountant has sent me an invoice for accountancy fees - which i have paid for now - where do i upload this to in Xero?
Their bill is entered in Euros and of course the payment is in USD from the USD account.
I'd like to deactivate our bank feed and reassign it with my login details (so that I can refresh it myself).
We recently made a payment against a bill in Xero to a vendor for $2182.50.
I have a CSV download of all transactions from the bank, I am tempted to just delete all the transactions and start again ??
I did look through the manual, but it only mentions about bank accounts, not director's loan accounts.
I've recently imported my bank feed but it has only imported the last 90 days.
We can't answer questions on how to account for things though - this is where our wonderful Partners come in.
These are the people that make the decisions on what's developed - some of them accept bribes...There's no magical number here.
We'll update you when we have an update to give - so as to not bombard everyone's inboxes.This is a tricky one.
(all done before I set them up on Xero) They asked me to offset this to the next expense claim.
HII am new to Xero and am using the standard template for invoicing which I am happy with.
Xero doesn't seem to like me entering a negative value line item.
How do I add a refund to a bill when the refund was received about 2 weeks later.
The loan amount is for $10,000 and will be paid back in August this year.
We do this to be friendly and to ensure that the relationship between our customer and us is kept light and bubbly.
Hi,New to Xero and trying to add my first receipt to the app.
Anyway, Xero does not accept the sort code and rejects the account number.
When I get the bank feed and see the payments I match them to vendor name.
The videos in Xero are frustrating me, all the videos with music in them are hopeless trying to learn.
How can I get separate usernames and password to "stick" in Xero so I can have both feeds working?
At the moment, I can open each invoice individually and change the income account manually.
I've seen all the links already by the way - was hoping for an actual response that works.
But, I need to account for the purchase of my ingredients, as well as cost for bottles, etc.
It seems that when you change the currency of a bill or invoice, the History & Notes does not record this?
I have looked through all old / new reports and can't find a way to get this report.
Please help.We had a customer loaded twice because with one of them we had the name wrong.
To overcome this, I have to "Remove and Redo" all the transactions from the bank account then reconcile them in Paypal.
Will it be the banking transactions report which I will then import as a bank statement and reconcile in Xero?
In my conversion balances the account numbers are right but the balances are showing as debits.
Xero does not allow me to do this, and the import fails because the purchase account field are empty.
If I click "year-to-date progress" it lumps all of the information together, which is not helpful to me.
I want to list the items on a quote, but don't want the total for each item to show.
I've been trying to find suitable products to do this but haven't yet found the right solution.
In my rudimentary understanding it appears that the logic in browser to work out the GST is flawed.
The problem is that, occasionally, that deposit will also take into account a customer refund.
Once the goods have been made and sent I receive an invoice which relates to the sent PO.
Surely if the amount has been paid, it is an expense or an asset (because it can be claimed back from HMRC).
This means that the autosuggestions for reconciling (which detect the payee field) are nearly all incorrect.
When a transaction is refunded in PayPal they also refund you some of the fee they originally charged.
The Asset can link back to a purchase record which can include attachments, sure.
When the invoice get printed to a pdf, Thai language shows incorrectly.
Is this the case all the time, or was it down to my trial?Currently I have a template for printing, and another for when I email.
How do I check to see if this has also been accruing annual leave during this period?Thank you
Does every staff member have to have a unique login or can I enter their expense claims for them?
I'd like to do this so I can look at job profitability.Thanks to all for reading and responding.-Bryce
I need to reflect this interest in the figures - does anyone know the best way to do this?
I've noticed that when payroll was set up some employees were assigned leave types that they are not entitled to.
For some reason, the leave that is accruing for the 2 new employees is not accruing correctly.
How do I change this and can I amend past payruns/payslips to reflect correct accrual?
How can I get Xero to accrue leave on other ordinary time earnings rates?
This should not be included on the employee payslip.It shows as an allowance on the Payment summary which is incorrect.
Are the deductions pre or post tax and can I get them to come up on the PAYG summaries?
As my employee is over 18 Xero gives me the following message if I attempt to remove it.
However the payrun is still calculating at the old 3rd year rate.
I note this has a padlock symbol but all the ones that do not have the padlock symbol are showing in the category.
When adding a Deduction payroll item, only Liability accounts are available to be chosen.
This makes absolutely no sense to me, but 2 reps said the same thing.5.
I have found that when recording a manual payment Xero will not allow me to backdate the payment.
HiWe are running our first payrun on Xero that covers a bank holiday.
However, the set-up with People's Pension is 2% employer and 0% employee.
I don't see how I can use Xero to track holiday entitlement with our pay structure.
Can I create my own deduction to cover this (and other situations eg contributions to christmas party).
When I input the hours it automatically divides and bases them on a 5 day week.
A couple of my employees took sick days during the month for which they are entitled to be paid.
Currently it appears that employees can select a manager to approve their leave request.
Which used to be fine, just remember to be already scrolled up to the top of the browser page.
Hi, Our employees are on permanent variable hour contracts with 35 hours.
Linking BarTab to Xero stops bookkeeping getting in the way of bartending.
Simple to use, when attendees confirm they can receive their invoice via Xero..
Simple to use, when attendees confirm they can receive their invoice via Xero..
Any tips?A must-have to manage inventory, orders and customers from all of your sales channels.
Any tips?A must-have to manage inventory, orders and customers from all of your sales channels.
Any tips?A must-have to manage inventory, orders and customers from all of your sales channels.
Any tips?A must-have to manage inventory, orders and customers from all of your sales channels.
Tried Square Register but it doesn't appear to integrate with Xero for UK businesses.
I went to send myself a small invoice to see if i could test the process.
I can not  see to be able to select bank nor wage payable to deduct amount.
They are currently using GuestPoint  in their hotel business as POS/Accommodation bookings.
BUT, what happens when the client ceases operations or chooses to move to a different platform?
we previously tried myob retail manager - and it failed as it was far to complex
This month, Xero will not sync with CLIO and import the bills to send to clients?
when I looked at it in selected invoice, product with the description shows correct information.
This a suggestion for current/potential add-on partners in the payment processing space.
User can select what price to use when creating purchase order report.
We will be big one day, but affordability is key to the daily reality of the grind we do.
No changes to the settings have been made.After doing some research I have found that there is an API call limit.
I like to be able to go through each transactions and reconcile with the actual bank statement.
But they are the same price as Quick Books Online with 100% less customer support.
Except that the claim is actually for $4.30.Pretty clearly a bug.
!I have now linked my Gmail account so that any email correspondence from the contact is automatically loaded up.
I was having issue understanding how to process a refund and they called me directly to walk me through the process.
I get the impression Xero is raising its subscriptions shortly, from reading some posts on here.
Complete all fields, and upload a scan of the receipt, but do not press "Save"2.
Especially the new feature of allowing us to add payment to invoice.
I'm not asking about requesting to receive email updates when someone replies.Thanks
Or manipulating when doing the 'CONNECT' from TOTAL SYNERGY so that all invoices interface to Xero as sent?
Again this has been explained, that there is no access to the subscriber, but so far not one person seems to understand this.
When I have a client query and I have to chase you for days it makes us both look inefficient.
with all of the technology available today, and the subscriptions that we all pay, why is it the systems are experiencing pitfalls??
CLUSTER 316
However, when I run the VAT Reconciliation Report the manual reverse charge posting is picked up as a credit VAT Transaction and included in the VAT payments made, thereby reducing the total VAT paid and increasing the VAT Owing box accordingly.
the receipt shows:Item A $50 + GSTItem B $25 + GSTSubtotal = $82.50 (inc. GST)Discount $10 + GSTTOTAL = $71.50  (inc. GST)I've tried adding a negative line item to the claim but it doesn't appear to work.
I know Xero prides itself on the Number of Clicks to get something but this is not the case with workpapers.they are time concuming especially at the viewing point.Our biggest request is to be able to attach documents to the Line (which we can do ) and be able to access it from the line not with a big list at the bottom of the page this is very unproducitve and confusing.
Myself and other contractors find that we get more quotes accepted when the price of a job is not broken down, but show what they are getting for the total price, hence keeping the description lines, and allow a fast quoting process providing on the spot quotes, and being seen as efficient and professional.
My bank feeds seem to have frozen on the 9 March and haven't updated since then.I used to have to "REFRESH BANK FEEDS" and enter my code from the bank - all of a sudden at the beginning of March, that stopped and the option I used to use now says that it's "ACTIVATED" and is green.
When I import bank statements (from csv files) I have had some of the transactions flagged as duplicates, however these lines are still not showing in the reconcilliation /xero statements areas.I notice some people have had issues with duplicates appearing, but has anyone else had lines falsely flagged as duplicates?
This makes it hard when i want to cross reference with PayPal at the end of each month to determine everything matches up and is being recorded properly.I have put an inquiry in a couple of weeks ago and it's being looked into, but still haven't heard anything back.
Hi, Just wanted to know if when switching from Accrual scheme to Cash scheme in VAT, does it include invoices which would have already been accounted for vat in previous returns.And if so, how to manage the vat return so that these (now paid) invoices do not show up on the current vat return
I keep getting the error message - 'check payee account details' and no export file is created (or offered).I'm a small business - have one employee (me) and I'm just trying to do the right thing and manage tax, super etc.
Hi I read the info on the section for accrued leave as was wanting to make sure i have set up my employees correctly but the help information only gives info relating to business owner of sick leave and then business owner at 0% are we supposed to put in the 8% or does xero do this automatically?
As a last resort I can increase the minimum hourly rate to $15.93 and the holiday pay rate to zero, but that's far from ideal.Any suggestions on how to set up the payroll where some rates are plus the 8% and some rates include the 8%?
CLUSTER 317
At the moment we have to search through every email in date order rather than typing in a key word to find a specific email.
I would like to be able to mark them as paid in the csv import (why develop the import if you can't import them with an accurate status?).
The account code and tracking are linked on the import option screen but fail to appear in my transactions on the reconcile screen.
"The account is the main one and still active, and we've changed no settings in the past 2 months, so we have no idea what is happening.
It asks for three accounts.The "Wages Payable Account" is the account used to hold/pay employee wages.
All that is needed is when we press the Edit Invoice button is for all options to be available including changing the invoice items and amounts.
CLUSTER 320
I am sure this is very simple but I can't see how to do this.I have a credit card that does not offer an auto bank feed like my Santander business account.I am entering card transactions as I make payments on the card and them paying them on the card account as and when I do this.
Hi XeroI have been using the expenses module for employees and noticed that when adding these from mobile or tablet as individual receipts and submitting them.
You would need the opportunity to exclude.An alternative solution would be to make the files visible and allow the user to select which ones to attach.
CLUSTER 321
It's still spinning.
But it says 0.
Our employees are all existing.
CLUSTER 324
if Xero could add an in depth 'check for duplicates' feature in bills that not only searches the reference alone, but even possibly the description or the details in the body this could save time and hassle of having to fix up any duplicate bills that slip through and get paid twice.
Does it make any difference whether I put the dollar amount as a figure in the Quantity column, with Unit Price of $1, versus the other option of putting the dollar amount in the Unit Price column, with Quantity as "1"?Both result in the correct totals in the Amount column and on the bottom line, but I'm not sure if I'm setting myself up for problems later (reporting etc) by going one way vs the other.
CLUSTER 326
Hi there.Sorry if this seems like a silly question, but after searching, all the answers that came up didn't explain this.
The invoice represents mainly GST but also import taxes so it's not as simple as saying it includes GST.
Hi, I just saw the prospective new reports for Depreciation schedule and Account transactions which are great!
Please can I have an update on when this is likely to be in place - a year seems an inordinately long amount of time to wait.
Analysis Code 	The problem is that the rules I've created with "Reference contains IMPARK" do not get matched.
CLUSTER 327
I know this is getting picky, but it will save time when you have 20+ bills to enter each day.
Invoice only users can send an invoice, send a copy with the payment on but not issue a receipt.
seems to be possible (although maybe the payments to HMRC includes NIC payable too?
Hi Currently we have been manually going into our company Bank Account to do the Payroll Payments to our employees.
I had recommended Xero to my client over Sage but I see from discussions in the past that SAGE can do this but not Xero.
CLUSTER 333
I am a contractor, 1 person with a ltd company and I think Ive been doing it wrong paying myself just to a directors loan, is what my accountant suggested, but do I need to do a payroll instead?Also where can I find in xero the total amount of directors loan and what do I need to do with it?
I would like the ability to search by reference in bank accounts.The reason for this is I have bank accounts for things such as my Amazon merchant account, NOCHEX account etc where the reference field in the entry has the actual transaction number in it.
CLUSTER 336
That way at least we could search for invoices dated within the period but with a transaction date after the published report2.
It would be great to be able to assign a credit limit to a customer profile which alerts when exceeded.
CLUSTER 338
I notice that there seems to be a standard layout in the Settings which has 1.
"Thanks for the opportunity to allow us to quote for your business.
CLUSTER 341
The report shows Inventory Asset balance of $15,298.10 (same as trial balance).It's a really simple company and I cannot find anywhere else the balances might be, nor can anyone else (physically) here.
I would change the content only in one place  but it would mean I can't recreate copies of past invoices out of Xero and id prefer not to edit templates as it doesn't make sense.I presume internally Xero uses Xero (!
Perhaps also the option to create a new invoice straight from that screen for the according expenses.I would also like to be able to change the assignment to customers after a bill has been payed.
We manually add this quote into Xero but will never use the Send button, so have to always manually click Mark as Sent after creating a Quote.It'd be great if you could Save & Mark as Sent.
This means we cannot generate template letters containing information directly from the tax system.I assume that is the same reason we cannot customise tax return cover letters.
Hi Xero Team,Thank you for the upgrades that have been happening, like the ability to edit bill reference and also item line description in paid bills.I'd like to request for an additional feature, that is to add line item in a paid bill.
But that loses all the profit-and-loss information about what we spent in different categories during the year, which will make the comparison meaningless going forward...But if I enter all the profit & loss information - sales, rent, salaries etc.
I'm new to Xero and looking for a way 2 staff can easily view all the attached pdf invoices when we make a payment by batch file, before they authorise transactions within our banking software.
I would like to find out the possible option to replace old product codes by the new ones without deleting them as I need their history and trade details.
My accountant told me I can declare the dividends now to include them in the tax year and then pay them later when the funds are in.I've got dividends setup in the chart of accounts as equity which works fine for me.
Hi everyone,I had a staff member say she forgot her password for XeroMe so I had to delete her access to "My Payroll" and re-send the invite.She now shows me she doesn't have access to Xero Payroll despite me sending her an invite?Can anyone help?
Hello.This may be common sense to some people, but if you are a bonehead like myself, or new to the whole paying employees thing, this will tell you how to download, print, and/or email your W-2's to your employees at the end of the year.
We also use Sage Payroll to do all 2015/16 year end reporting and the issuing of P60.We decided to start using Xero Payroll from 6 Apr 2016.
CLUSTER 347
I hope there are other salons out there!
It just sits on idle.
CLUSTER 349
When a refund is issued, I assign it as a reverse transaction against the original order date.
When in an invoice you can copy that invoice - can we then use a drop down to turn it in to a credit note?
I worked through the payroll setup process a second time, but can't see what I have missed.
CLUSTER 354
HiI'm UK based but not VAT registered so there's no issues with Cash Accounting or the like.I have a Client where I'm remunerated on a performance/commission type basis.
We set these up in contacts so that the name field is filled in as either Statements or Invoices etc so we are able to label them so we know which is address is for what purpose.
This excludes a significant potion of my own customer-base (many SME's/SMB's reducing overheads) that are increasing not making use of manu ms-based technologies (i.e.
CLUSTER 355
Please can you advise how to put this into Xero?Thanks :)Tara
So we need to go to PayPal and reconcile the four items.
Please add this as an option for the Stripe payment service.
And some invoices were paid by our trade receivables (Posh Fleet).
If I put the £100 then the VAT is worked out on that figure which is wrong.
I have searched around but can't quite find the answer I am looking for.
I did that, then still not right.... the Issue back to them with all the messes they suggest me to do.
However, when I try to look at the assets, it isn't allowing me to edit them.
in doing so, will it delete out all the expenses that went along with the personal accounts?
For example if I have paid a supplier $1000 but the invoices are $500.
When is the the best time to set a lock date in Xero?
I then import them into Xero.It appears however that there are duplicate entries.
Any quick ideas on how I am able to find this error so that I can then fix it?
Our fault for not doing it correctly initially but what's the best way to fix ?
Now that shows up in the current quarter claim as a negative balance.
Hi,Can't find anything in the community but I am sure this has been asked before.
How do i go about coding all of this up to reflect this?Many thanks!Julian
I have some experience with ecommerce and retail, but I'm new to the accounting side.
Currently it is being entered in the reference box when the invoice is created.
however, if I do the latter then it will still show up in my accounting recordsAngus
We realize that in it's current form it offers heighten security.
We don't go after the artists for payment, so an invoice seems unnecessary.
When I am reconciling transactions, do I have to make a contact every time?
When the fees were paid they were reconciled to the appropriate invoice and all was peachy.
Does the system recognize the month and number of days in it?ThanksKalina
Clearly we want to be able to differentiate between the two types.
So, the loan balance in Xero is off from the actual balance with the creditor.
I did a "Receive money" on the bank account that payment was cashed in.
That has all worked, but in the chart of accounts it doesn't have a 3 digit code.
All I need to do is update the 'from name' for the system generated emails.
I'm trying to figure out how I can set up recurring invoices in WorkflowMax.
I cannot reconcile them as they do not show on the automatic bank feed.
The other transactions on that account do not need to be recorded.What is the best method to do this?
But when I send the invoice by email, the 6 files are not attached.
The 1099 report is not picking them up, only the ones from my checking account.
Hi,I purchased a flight ticket but missed the flight.
The issue seems to be that the conditions will all be different - there is no "catch-all"Thanks
I added it to the asset register, but it doesn't show up on the balance sheet?
I am using custom payment url for the payment option.
Xero allocates the payment received to each of the lines in proportion.
So how do I set things up to do this with one (or two or three) click(s)?
Hi all,I'm new to Xero and all the specifics that go alongside it.
Or do I have to go into each individual transaction and edit them all to the correct account?
Is there another way to do this?EDIT - I think I've found a way to do it.
I just go to the wholesalers, get the materials I need and pay for them then and there.
I have gone to refresh bank feed but this has not resolved the issue.
They all include tax,  all line items are tax inclusive.
Does anybody that has more experience with trying to do something like this?Thanks!
moving it to an 'Expenses' account code) against now that it has been reconciled and is in the system.
It is a direct feed from the bank.Look forward to your repliesSue
it does not default in even though we set it up in the payroll settings?
I've seen they have the new billable expenses to but I'm not sure if this is relevant to me.
I'd like to be able to see what these are but I can't seem to find a way to do this.
Our company registered for VAT in the middle of the business year.
Most times, the "expenses" amount does not match the amount drawn.
Where on the COA would a credit card payment be reconciled to?
I can import the bank statements from July, but I have no invoices to reconcile with.
Where do I record the shop takings which are a mix of cash & card?
Hi,Can someone please share how to set up this on Xero.
I am looking to share stories when transitioning my clients to Xero.
At the moment unless a subscription is applied to my organisation, I will not benefit from it.
As we settle into Xero I'm now looking at all the things we didn't normally do with QBO.
We had been previously advised to put a "-" in between it to fix the issue, but this is ridiculous.
As a result, when they are there, I sometime fail to notice them until they are quite old.
Can we get a system to send them all as attachments in one email?
But I see this as a pretty major security flaw in the system.
Often items are priced based on quantity ordered.
There needs to be the option to add a footer or comment to these pages.
If you're hearing impaired as I am, it's can be a struggle to follow audio instructions.
When you approve a sales invoice, the next step is to email it.
We track jobs and projects but both can change so we need the flexibility.
Which took me back to the previous page (All Quotes page).
I am way less interested in them, than I am in the actual content of my message.
They just don't have to wait for us to send them a copy of the link to the invoice.
I LOVE Xero but the payments screen needs help.
From what I can see this functionality is available under the NZ Tax system.
ADMIN can decide whether to give them DRAFT only access.
Expense reporting - enable expense reports before they are authorized3.
I can provide a sample report but I am sure you have access to them already.
This would immediately process all transactions- but does not link them to the inventory?
1st day of the month, but multiples of 30 days).
When I can choose which things to Import from the statement (great feature!)
HiAlthough the box is ticked for 2000 allowance it has not ticketed
I can see under Status that the invoice or bill has been paid, but not the date.
Similar to receiving a notification when a bank feed has been set up.
Could we have an option it so that the quote is marked as 'Sent' if it is printed out?
Hi,We have clients that have multiple departments, but the with the same accounts department.
The payments disappear into payments for invoices which can be different amounts.
With Workpapers it logs you straight in without having to re-enter all of your data.
When this is used and exported it does not show the opening balances of the ledger.
When is Xero going to customise the Cash Reporting option?
The IOS Application shows the Bank Balance/Reconciliation.
What we need to be able to do is see the actual balance the client has.
But, all items are included in one invoice/ purchase order.
All basic things, but all extremely frustrating and slow the process down
Much easier that setting up all the manual journal entries.---
These invoices will be generated via the API so it all needs to be automatable.
Are you also so frustrated that Xero is not adapted to the Swedish market?
Specifically this is for both the employer and employee SIMPLE IRA payments.
I find the 'all time off' selection in Payroll Overview restricting.
My PayPal feed contains transactions from customers all over the world.
Hi allEach month we send invoices out which are more or less the same.
I enter them in and mark them as approved, then set the date I pay them.
For example the ability to group them and create a single PDF?
When I completed the Reconciliation, I got few hundred outstanding which are not reconciliation.
When I go into the drop down menu it says it is "already connected".
or do I reconcile this amount when I refund to the customer a similar amount ???
I'm not familiar with Xero and really do not know how to troubleshoot this issue.
One that shows all income, expenses etc for the year.
Just realized that i had to change the payrun due to some reason and had to void it.
Or create them in NZD and put the actual landed cost?
Are there time clock systems that link directly with Xero?
That source was how the client came to be a client in the first place.
I am trying to enter my bills relating to the purchases of inventory.
Xero crashed, and when I tried to close down and open - nothing.
I can anticipate that down the road I will need to upgrade to a more complex program.
Trouble is there is not a subtle way of finding out who uses Xero.
Is there a report that shows the number of hours an employee has worked?
How do I mark it as unpaid so that I remember to pay it when it's due?Thanks
I have looked online but there doesn't appear to be any useful user guides?
This only happened after the latest update which changed the definitions of 'reconciliations'
When i get the info i move the payment back and reconcile it.
Hi,I am moving our companies accounts to Xero at the moment.
they are added and approved in his leave (under Employees), but they are NOT showing on the payslip.
There are various codes which could be combined under a single code.
If I click onto the customer name it also does not show.
The problem we have is that we are basically a subscription model (based in Canada).
The money is received from the holidaymaker and kept in a trust account.
This will allow part payment of invoices within the batch.
Or is that $500 just lost in the system now?Thanks for your help!Dan
When I try to reconcile the $50 the SPLIT payment is not available.
Just so I can do a quick mental check on where I am if I haven't had chance to reconcile everything.
It is useful to be able to drill down to see how the payment was allocated.
If you then enter a keyword, it instantly shows the accounts used before.
A refund was received but I am unsure how to reconcile this on the bank account.
I have fiddled with the data in the csv but am not able to resolve the issue.
), then import my suppliers (which of course I couldn't move into the "Suppliers" group).
I want to transfer to xero because of the additional features available.
We also want to know when a customer has paid their invoice.
My client's revenue figures are much higher than their receivables.
We used to be able to do this in Quickbooks as it had a whole Estimates section.
or is this part of the Reporting issues that are unavailable.Many thanks
I am doing the bank reconciliation and there is a receipt into the bank that I cant allocate.
HiAny of your peeps out there have had to set up a complex payroll system.
However some clients have had an issue where the ATO is reporting that these have not been lodged.
Also... its good for PR and to know when to get a cake!!
But the rest of employee's super have been paid successfully in same batch.
I have corrected this however his last 4 payslips are now incorrect.
I am needing to process a payrun today but the increase is not showing.
Is it because the financial year is not over yet?I got my Auskey already.
Also is there somewhere that I should be putting the year to date earnings.
Hey all,I have an interesting situation.I have two employees who are married.
Even when I arrange them, they are still never saved in the same way.
The issue I'm having is that it will not let me submit the pay history for processing.
'(2) 'There is a problem with this pay run that prevents the payment.
But I can't find a place to enter Zeros for that time period.
Quickbooks for Mac doesn't have a payroll feature so it has to run online.
When i go to payrun history the correction is there, but it doesn't change in transactions.
At one point, they divulged that they have the same problem with all of the their California clients.
I used the benefits section, but it isn't adding that value to their paycheck.
But the system will still not let me update the new pay.
She is not happy with the terms we have to offer her, so we decided to pay her redundancy.
I can't see anywhere under 'Time off' to allocate unpaid leave?
I can't remember what I am supposed to do with reconciling a monthly payment to HMRC.
I have been using the NCEA resources and they are great, but they don't include the Payroll.
Hi there,My pay runs are all going a week in advance.
I only can see the balance and it is not different from the figure i booked manually.
Any tips?Get sales tax out of the way and off your mind.
It does it in a beautiful user experience on one, simple, dashboard.
Do you know of an add-on that would enable me to do this?With thanks.Jacqueline
"We have tried the solution in the Woo documentation here but nothing works.
I've triple checked and all the accounts a set up correctly at both ends.
These are charged monthly on a charge rate per day.
We are looking for an add-on which expands the capability of XERO tracking.
We use this program as the backbone for delivering our services to our clients.
This is the only thing that is lacking and we really need to get this going.
We use the Inventory control currently on Xero but we require more.
What other CRM options are worth investigating?Thanks in advance!
I can't seem to find settings in either Xero or Harvest.
We have the Accounts set up, but need the tags to categorise the expenses.
Do you have any literature that details the integration and what specifically is pulled through (i.e.
Apple no longer supports Bento, and we now have remote workers.
I invoice them and then keep track of the time, and when they run out, I invoice them again.
The business is very remote from both business owners and bookkeeper/accountant.
Hi All,One of my customers has a webstore using the above integration.
Have looked at Procision + but not sure that it has all the features we are looking for - any suggestions?
We need the stock to be shipped directly from the supplier to the customer.
I plan to do my bookkeeping with Xero, but I'm also looking at some of the addons.
Signup for the beta at If this is something you're interested in - we'd love to hear from you.
Emails were sent to the correct departments but no one can help.
it's just one more way to lose the trust and respect of your customers
When I login to Xero through Safari it works perfectly and immediately.
I converted to Xero from Monchilla when Monchilla was sold to Xero.
The costings/mark-up does not print the quote that goes to the customer.
?Anyway I followed the helpful instructions but to no surprise.....it didn't work.
!Why can't I speak with a customer service representative urgently to resolve???
Xero monthly subscription invoices are emailed out monthly.
Can you send a message to all that use Bendigo Bank for example?
Dear Xero,I want to explain to you the reasons why I will be leaving you.
I can't use reconciliation.You guys got a lot of work to do.
CLUSTER 359
It's greyed out.
It's crazy.
CLUSTER 363
Quickbooks has it nailed
Are you one of these companies?
Not always the same, but very simliar.
Do I code them both to the same Acct?
CLUSTER 375
For example:Account -> in CRCBill -> In USDWhen paying a bill (in USD) from that account (in CRC), the exchange rate is listed as: 1 CRC = X USDThe bill is 1000 USD, and the account was credited 540,920 CRC.
(As there is not cost center/job center function at this moment, so i make them in this way,  #10000HK & #10000US for HK expenses & US expenses respectively) I was thinking i could customize the profit and loss & balance sheet into two sets of layouts by deletion of unrelated accounts in each layout.
I have tried to import my Paypal transactions manually into Xero but the mapping must be wrong or something because the amounts are in millions?Anyway, i tried to go into my account setup and change the Statement Import Options but i can't, it jsut keeps linking back to whatever page I am on?
Has Xero in their wisdom decided to change the sorting on Employee Leave Requests from Descending to Ascending, in Payroll.So now if you wish to see the most recent completed leave you have to go down to the bottom of the list.I'm sure this is to match having the Navigation - Buttons at the bottom of the page to navigate between pages of a list
CLUSTER 377
This has been good, but makes handing over the treasures role difficult as the spreadsheets have become rather complicated as the various sections have grown.I am wondering if I can get the same/similar functionality from Xero that we currently have.
I would have to remove the bank feeds from the original organisation but still retaining the information and add the feeds to the new organisation which would be named the same?Am I making sense?
CLUSTER 378
What should i do if i want to pass adjustment within the item sizes.
We like to track the employees assigned to other location and which division they are in.
I am confused as to the process I need to undertake to recognise these transactions.
CLUSTER 379
I have picked up all these transactions and have created invoices for them but not sure what to do after this ... anything I do seems to continue to count the sale as being paid twice.
My concern is that whatever I configure for this financial year doesn't affect the previous financial year...  Really appreciate your help.
When allocating billable items to customers,  sometimes you miss/forget to invoice all billables back to customers.
Customers pay for memberships and other things online via a third party, which also maintains the membership database.
Perhaps I have misunderstood the prepayments function, but this seems to relate to a cash payment made before the invoice is received.
CLUSTER 381
I had BBVA Compass accounts (3) working in one user account but I decided to consolidate all the rights to refresh into a new dummy user so everyone could refresh the feeds whenever needed.
It is particularly irritating at this time of year because I am finalising June 2013 year end accounts and the reports keep defaulting to August 2013 but when I click in to pick the correct date it defaults to June 2014.ThanksErin
They could do all they need to do from their iPhone.Users love taking photos of their receipts on their iPhone but often forget to open the full Xero later in a computer to submit the claim and claims are being missed.
Is it possible to combine multiple sales invoices into a single invoice?For example, I have created 3 DRAFT sales invoices but then want to create a single sales invoice with the details of all 3 invoices.
Then I went to the invoice and completed the "Receive a payment" section and selected "Wages Payable - Payroll" as the "Paid To" account.This then paid the invoice and added the deduction amount as a debit in the "Wages Payable - Payroll" account transactions.It all looks good to be, but I'm worried at how simple it was!
Unfortuneately I had already printed the checks and all that, then my employees pointed out the error.I am the only advisor and owner of the account, with full permissions, but if I go to cancel the payments, there is a padlock symbol that won't let me alter it.Please help!I can't pay my employees until I correct this.
CLUSTER 385
For instance, we have to make quarterly instalments for the GST based on the prior year balance owing, but file the report with actual figures only once a year.
When allocating the payment to the invoice Xero gives a warning "Payment is higher than the invoice"Does anyone have any suggestions on allocating this payment?
The situation is that I paid a bunch of invoices without creating a bill for them and just generating a check directly using "Send Money".
The owner writes up an invoice, which includes GST, and gives me a receipt on the spot.I have a dummy 'Cash in hand' account in Xero.
At the moment we have to manually download the CSV file from an online statement and then upload it to the bank feed and it's a bit laboriousness to say the least.
I put all my income into the business bank account and pay myself a set amount via check every two weeks.
Although the new reporting is great, I cannot do the simple task above or any other query where you need to see what expenses have been paid from each bank account.
From memory this was going to be planned but I can't find anything in feature requests about this - if it is planned can you please advise an approximate time frame (e.g.
The 'contact' we use is 'Registration Fees': when I've typed 'Re' lots of options come up but I have to scroll right down to get to the one I need.
CLUSTER 387
I want to delete all the statements up to today but it looks like I have to drill into each one and delete them individually.
So we have recieve ledger from the company so it's extra work having to click through every invoice to adjust to paid.
Currently if an invoice applies the "Discount" column, the Unit Price displayed does not take that into account.
But that doesn't really seem to be true, since other Yodlee-powered software seem to have no problem.
An example: In an org, I might prepare the BAS, but the accountant prepares the EOFY return.
I teach classes which are charged at $10 per person with a minimum total charge of $50.
See their credit card account (they are all linked cards but come through on individual feeds)2.
I haven't been able to find a way to do it in Xero, but I'm sure this is not a special case,Thanks in advance,
CLUSTER 389
Like Ordinary Pay/Salary etc.Also public holiday - this is something our payroll dept deals with not the employee, so would be great if it could be hidden from time-sheet entry.ThanksMelanie
The multitude of transactions means there are so many contacts that may only get used once as most are once-off transactionsIs it worth archiving these contacts or does anyone have tips on how I can better organise this so my contacts doesn't blow out to ridiculous numbers?
I want to view timesheets for all employees so I can do a pay run but somehow there are two employee names stuck in the "Employee'/s" drop down box but I can't clear them and I can't find any way to choose all employees.
Hi...We are at the start of our annual leave year, however Xero has not updated the holiday entitlement for each employee for this year (plus any untaken leave).Is this a bug in Xero, or is this something we have have to do manually.
When I am putting in Future Leave Requests it is giving me the permission to Approval the Leave even though I have unselected the tick box on my own employee details....Any help so that I can put the request in for the employee but only the manger can approve?
Or does it just start from the moment I integrate.Sorry if this is simple, but I can't seem to find a mention of this, and I'm too nervous just to 'try and see' in case it causes a whole load of work trying to undo everything.thanks!
CLUSTER 390
I've tried looking around in Xero to figure out if I can re-enter the bank feed info so that then I will be the special *person* with the permissions, but I haven't been able to find any way to do that.Suggestions?Thanks so much,Heather
Entryless added the invoice to Xero but there was no duplicate check performed by Xero even though every data field was identical including the supplier name, the bill reference, the date and the amount.Xero then allowed us to pay that bill again.
CLUSTER 393
This question has probably been asked elsewhere in the community; but just curious to know if it's possible for a customer to pay a group of outstanding invoices using an online payment service such as Stripe?
the account has been set up as A loan account to myself and the account type is "current liability"i need to balance this out in xero and show it as my wage for the year so i can in turn lodge a personal tax.
CLUSTER 394
I know you can attach a receipt to a transaction.
I recorded the charge but know that I had it refunded.
Doing that, I can match it with existing Invoices then to reconcile.
What account would I assign it to when reconciling?
Our paypal transactions are imported automatically.
Ok so there are 2 reports in Xero1.
If not, what's the best way to reconcile them?Bill.
This then shows under "reference" in the transactions record.
So I went to the bank to add it to our account.
They all when in under the right accounts for expenses and sales.
Or does that come into it when I reconcile the actual amount.
Now i invoice this 2 guys and they have paid me.
Now i invoice this 2 guys and they have paid me.
I  posted it  and reconciled with the actually payment .
CLUSTER 400
And how can I get Squarespace sales that come into Xero automatically to show volume sold?Thanks for any coffee roasters using Xero who've tackled this!
I.e We have the disposal schedule in our report pack, we prepare all the reports, no disposals and so this report is removed, later we find out something was disposed of and we need to add it back in.
CLUSTER 403
Seems easier the second way.
It does not appear in the list and does not appear when I search.
I read both of these forum answers and am now in a muddle.
I am new to xero and still finding out what it can and can not do.
Now I want to delete it, but I can’t find the option for it.
They are a UK company if that makes a difference.
But no report seems to to give the answer.
I can't seem to find where or how to make it exempt.
Can someone help me work out how to set it up?
Can someone please contact me with regard to it.
CLUSTER 406
I'm trying to explain it as best I can.
I need it done yesterday.
I simply can't figure out in Xero how to do this.
No way to do this in Xero right now.
I'm not sure why Xero doesn't do it, it's very manual.
I'm trying to explain it as best I can.
It says that the item is not in stock.
I can't seem to work out how to do this in Xero.
Not just the chart of accounts but everything.
Again, Xero says they are working on it.
Glad it has been 'prioritised accordingly'!!
CLUSTER 407
Invoice from DHL: Bill in Xero: I am unsure how to correctly create a bill in Xero for the invoice.The invoice has a total $1.30 GST, but I am charged 'GST on Importation' as line 1 on the invoice.
I would like the ability for advisers to recode transaction recorded to a contact and then the ability to delete the specific contact.An audit log can be generated to follow these steps for proper documentation.
I always get the activation emails through .. but I get no Feeds.It would be nice to get a response like "We are looking at this and it looks a bit more complex than we first thought" - or something along those lines.
CLUSTER 412
If I have a user that has "Read Only" permissions and they download the IOS (or Android) App, do these role permissions flow to the App?
This could be achieved by taking an average of all pay periods and then working out the PAYG tax and HECS payable.
My clients are best identified by street address so please let's have that option on main contacts page
Therefore we need the option to delete these now obsolete doubled up Asset Types, once we have fixed up all the miscoding.
However, when trying to use it in practice, we noticed that it doesn't seem to bring across all Invoice line items.
CLUSTER 416
This will also help in areas such as deductions, to explain why the expenses were claimed when it may not seem as though the taxpayer is entitled to the deduction.This is a feature that is current in Sage Handitax, and is a valuable tool.
Would be great if in the App when looking at the invoice part that shows draft,  due, overdue etc instead of showing who you sent invoice to, it also showed reference you used so you do not have to keep going into each invoice to find the one you are looking for.
I was wondering whether this is a feature which could be added to your current excellent offering as I'm sure we are not the only ones who would benefit from the time savings it would create.Many thanks,Paul Costello
CLUSTER 423
I don't know about anyone else, but all the reports I run are historical, mostly relating to the previous month.
I'm trying to work out the best way to reconcile the withdrawal and want to keep it simple!
Enter Employee Payments' however, when clicking through to 'Step 3. Review' they are  as 'Other payments'.
My client needs to know where that customer is located so he knows what postage to add to the sales invoice.
I would like to have a links on the dashboard that enables me run my report that is specific to what I want to view.
I would like to see Xero default to dates for reporting for the financial year that is being worked on.
It will also be extremely useful when the ability to attach files / images is added to invoices etc.
Currently I envisage my clients accepting quotes but then having to email me separately anyway to provide the PO.
That fund have kindly agreed to return the contribution to us so I can forward it to the employee's correct fund.
CLUSTER 425
In such a case, If an e-commerce owner has to pick one tool from all the options available, what all accounting features he/she should look for while assessing the tools?Any help would be highly appreciated:- )
I wouldnt say our books are a mess, but they are certainly confusing to us, the people in the office day to day, and I would like to feel in control of my/our business for once.
CLUSTER 428
Hello,I just started using Squareup after being subjected to 3 months of horror with "Paypal Here" what an abomination of a package that thing is.Squareup has worked perfectly from the first day.
The unnecessary waste of time having to go back to the inbox each time, open the next item is not good especially when you have 70 items to process.
CLUSTER 429
We took no commission - the artists bought their wares and I sold them on behalf of the clients.
But that didn't seem to work because the GST portion of the commission did not then show up in my GST return.
Am I missing it or not understanding......Why can't we get a YTD comparison to prior year same period?
I'm having an issue where all transactions that are charged are classified as Received while payments are set as Spent.
But since the invoice is already marked as paid I have nowhere to reconcile this payment.
But when i go back into the draft payslip two tax deduction lines.
CLUSTER 430
Is it possible that when sending statements to clients that the age analysis for outstanding amounts can be shown at the bottom of the  statement to show the client what amount is outstanding in 120, 90, 60, 30 days and current.Currently I have to send the statement and then an age analysis afterwards.
Hi Xero,Just wonder, are there any plans for Xero to penetrate their services to Malaysia?Because based on the trial, the largest bank in Malaysia,Maybank was not in the data base.Does that mean the life feed services will not be available for Malaysian users whom with Maybank?I am new and exploring Xero from Australia network..
This particular client does weekly timesheets and I have been able to enter the timesheets and then obviously added a new line for the public holidays taken but when I finish and go to payrun there is no amount in the public holiday section the hours are there ie 15.2 but no $$$ value.
But if you want to email to each employee... See #88) I can only give Mac instructions for this, I don't have a PC, but any PC users can probably figure out how to apply these instructions, so... Open the one PDF with all the employees W-2's in your regular system viewer (usually the "preview" app for mac).Figure out which pages you need to make an individual PDF.
CLUSTER 431
A client has asked if it is possible to get a report that shows the actual income & expenses year to date at the end of the month with the budgeted income & expenses for the remainder of the year giving a forecast total for the year.
I hedge all invoices I issue and change FX to hedge rate on invoice screen, I can also apply hedge rate for Proforma Deposits using Overpayments but have no option to apply FX when receipting against invoice?
One statement line, (one amount for £500), is on Paypal but hasn't been imported over into Xero.When I try to just import the one line, it throws out the statement balance by £500, but it is supposed to be zero.And the second query:2.
Hi,I am new of Xero, and I am adding paypal to it.Any guide how I can set Vat Tax calculated for states ?We sell also free Vat items inside of Eu, any info how we can sort for it?thanksSam
I have just registered one to see if it works and the first problem I see is that it does not give me the option to change the net book value to reflect what has been already depreciated, so when I try to run the depreciation it does not give me the correct figure.
Which tax code should be used for an input taxed capital purchase?The ATO requires that all capital purchases be reported at G10 on the BAS, and all purchases for making input taxed supplies be reported at G13.
At the end of the day, his cash account should be either nil or the amount of cash he has on hand, (in a perfect world).Now he is using Ezidebit for some payments and we now receive to the bank account the sale amount less Ezidebit's fees.
This scheme allows you to claim back the VAT on capital purchases of £2000+.We have just purchased a bundle of computer equipment that is over £2000, how to I account for this in Xero so that it is reflected correctly on my quarterly VAT return?Many thanks
Hi,I am surprise that Xero only has one Account Receivable and Accounts payable type and the same cannot be used when using the manual journal entry.Although it is not important to me now tracking sales to a particular customer.
We've been only using the Westpac one and the PayPal hasn't been used.....or so I thought.I have noticed that August 2014 transactions imported were imported by me into the wrong account - the PayPal named account and not the Westpac named account - I hadn't reconciled these.
I rarely have money in my PayPal account, and so everything winds up being deducted from my bank account.I started by adding my PayPal feed, but it got really confusing because the purchase seemed to come up  in both my PayPal and bank feeds.
That doesn't seem quite right...I am pretty confused about how to handle taxes in Xero (perhaps its more internationally focused than I can figure out) For some reason this process was much clearer to me in Quickbooks - I just feel like I'm missing something.
Once a new employee is setup with the start date, holiday group, normal working hours per week, pay calendar, the system shall be able to automatically calculate the working hours when we do the payrun.
The direct debit is a fixed sum.When the direct debit goes out, I want to reconcile the transaction so I allocate it to the supplier contact and post it to the appropriate account.The bill comes in a week later which I then post.
The "New Update" in xero includes replacing the clients TFN with the words .I acknowledge the fact that this is to secure our client data from "Identity theft" but there are countless other ways for someone to hack in and steal our clients information.
"So that means that in Texas, $2.0049 should be rounded to $2.01.Please add an company setting option defining the rounding rule for tax calculation ... to select which decimal place is used.
I keep getting caught out by forgetting to send emails after they've been created.I've voted to have a 'send and email' button but here's an alternative/addition.Can you execute a check on exiting the program that warns the user if there are unsent invoices?
At the moment you can see the newest feature requests, and you can sort them by the number of votes and replies but as far as i can tell there's no way to view them like a traditional forum where a reply bumps it back up to the top of the list.
When we come to Xero , we have to edit existing default chart of accounts or upload our accounts accordingly at each time when we setup a client.Instead of that, Can we setup our own chart of accounts as default chart of accounts for any client?
I know of none property specific issues I'm having, but I feel they don't belong in the above list.Yes I know there are guides on the "help" site, but unfortunately, I am unable to comprehend them and they don't really demonstrate how the system functions.Thanks
Hi all,First of all i want to say i am really happy of the quotes arrival, and before it's arrival most of us (the users like me) used to use the draft invoices as a quotes and that was a temporary way until the quote option arrive.
Guess how many times I've had to explain why a single receipt did not reflect the actual amount the client submitted.I appreciate that Xero finally offers a receipt, but it should be a true one by reflecting how much was, well .
In Xero, I have one of the sites entered but when entering another it says there is already a client with that name, but I don't have the alternative of using a different company name or we won't get paid.Can we have the ability to have clients with exactly the same company name?
eg item is  " HP Canon Inkjet printer" and in the item description we have "HP Canon Inkjet printer Serial Number:", so each time we sell one we add the serial number of that particular printer.
Would like a field under the hours section to add up the employees hours - When leave is added and then different pay rates for part-time people we can easily ensure that the total hours are correct.
How do I fix this?The Xero Guide seemed to imply that I have to enter in the transaction as a Purchase as well, and then reconcile the bank statement with that, but then I have an "unpaid bill" listed in my Dashboard, which isn't true, because we have paid that credit card bill.
If I email them the link to view invoice through Xero this shows up as a Pay Now button, or if I send them the PDF invoice there is a link at the bottom with option to Pay Online.Sometimes I want to give this option to customers, but often I do not.
Coming from an MYOB background that produces detailed Bank Rec reports showing all deposits and payments cleared during the month etc as well as outstanding cheques, how is it possible to produce this within Xero?
Would it be possible to add a feature where an email would prompt to the one sending group certificates that, the email he/she is using is no longer valid so that we could have a monitoring on those people who did not receive the group certificate email?
This makes difficult to see which bills needs to be paid as these already paid bills are showing up in the unpaid bills list.I can see that Receipt bank has a  'paid' flag but it doesn't seem to have any effect in Xero.
However, for the final month of March the P&L report shows me as final conversion balances for the year ended March 2016 rather than the individual March month income and expenses.
I am finding this to be extremely frustrating and I think there is something completely different occurring that is stopping it from working, but I can't see anything else wrong further down the rule page.Any help would be greatly appreciated.Thanks
I have been using Xero Touch to log my expenses when out and about.My accountant has been in the process of setting up my BAS statements or this quarter and we've found the expenses aren't visible when logging into Xero on my computer, but they're visible on the app.Any reason why this might be?
They will be something outstanding one month yet when I check the bank reconciliation screen, nothing comes up.It seems that this is something to do with reconciling in statement lines into Xero, as when a transaction is made, then unreconciled, then re-reconciled.
Does anyone know whether it can be imported into xero accounts ?I'm using the default chart of accounts - but confused as to what accounts I should allocate staff wages, employee NI , directors salary etc any suggestions most welcome
a client has paid to the wrong bank account owing for company 2's invoice, but paid to company 1 bank account.what's the best way to reconcile the payment/transfer across in xero?
Hi I have recently  started useing xero from my tablet but i can not type up an invoice from it as everytime i click on  the line box the keyboard comes up for a split second then disappears  then same happens when I  try with my phone what shall I do?
When splitting a payment to an invoice using find & match - the error message - account not active appears.Please could anyone advise why this error message is appearing as the payment will not be posted until this has cleared.ThanksGraham
Hi, I am a little bit of a newbie to Xero and to the community discussions so apologise in advance if this solution has been answered but I found discussions re the same imbalancing issues but not how to fix this particular one.I have an issue with bank reconciliation reports.
Hi,When booking a purchase invoice in Xero, it would be good to be able to copy the line above when entering many lines and splitting the costs between various trackings.In Sage you can use F6 for this, does Xero have this functionally?
The problem I have is that due to the nature of the business, and since the invoices are all pre paid before the cruise date, a very high number of people never pay as they end up deciding that they do not want to go ahead and book the cruise.
If the client does not pay that deposit and we raise the final invoice then that deposit (even un-reconciled) can still be applied to that final invoice and results in the customer being under charged.Do you have any suggestions on making sure this doesn't happen?
Hi All,New to Xero and accounting actually.Context: Retail bricks & mortar shopfront.Began adding new bills to start the process and all seemed OK until we got to a supplier invoice for Product.
What's happened is we processed a credit card payment for one customer to the amount of X then also had to issue a credit card refund for the same amount of X then when the settlement has come through they've cancelled each other out and become nil.
I would assume it was leave taken this financial year, but it doesn't calculate to that.Their leave entitlement is saying:Annual Leave                             Annual Leave-20.2665 HOURS                       63.3335 HOURSThanks, Tara
Where has the previous week gone and can I get it back?The correct pay period is available in pay run but I want to access timesheet to I can allocate hours to tracking category, which can't be done in pay slip.
?I used to be able to go back and use this info to set the employee in the Super Clearing House for example.Not every client uses the Xero super payment feature and this is now incredibly annoying.
I have two questions: Do I see this payment to the leasing company as salary sacrificy before tax (set up as deduction ) and how do I code the payment to the leasing company once it hits the bank account?I would appreciate some input from anyone.
To make it even easier to manage adjustments to previously processed pay runs, we are introducing the ability to process a negative pay, which could help you avoid having to revert pay runs to draft.
But when I go into NEST it won't let me delete the duplicate employees as it doesn't let you delete people.So now I'm stumped and don't know what to do.I can't file my pensions with NEST as there are duplicate employees but it won't let me delete them either...Has anyone else had the same problems before?
I tried to increase his hourly rate and it showed temporarily as pending, waiting for the first pay run as I would expect, but it only seems to appear on that screen, and not if I go back to it later (or even instantly).
Hi I have set up a new payroll in Xero and in the work place pension tab, the pension scheme has defaulted to "other" I am having a problem in changing this to NEST so it will link to the pension scheme set up.Any ideas as to how to correct this??
This was the case up to the week beginning 4 March 2017, the pension filing report shows both employee and employee contributions, however from the Week beginning 11 March onward it only shows employer contributions.
When I've put the same information into listentotaxman.com the pay is considerably lower than it appears on Xero and the people who have been paid have said they have received more than they should.Does anyone have any idea on what I am doing wrong here and how I would go about amending it?Many thanks!Lizzie
We're looking for small compatible app to run the room bookings and everything we are finding is a tad on the pricey side and aimed more towards hotels, B&Bs, super large businesses etc.
We plan to add functionality which allows sellers to pass on the transaction fees to the buyer if they want to, so you could offer PayPal payments for example, but explain at payment that PayPal carries a 2% additional charge.
The Kounta integration only shows the reduced cash in "cash register clearing account", not the COGS account.When you receive a purchase order in Kounta it doesn't appear to allow you to specify how the invoice was paid.Thanks,Christie
Companies who do lots of jobs and need help organising them in a program that's not overly complicated.The product is worth $50 - $90 a month but we're willing to waive that fee for the first few businesses that contact us.
We use the official Woocommerce plugin to link the two together:http://www.woothemes.com/products/xero/What we need to do / would like to do, is to import all the historical orders from October - June into Xero.
We are a construction company and I have set up our jobs (projects) in workflow and I want to enter our invoices through Xero but I cant work out how when I am adding a new Bill in Xero to connect it to the corresponding job (project) in workflow?
So it takes much more effort and time than I would like.I have tried explaining my questions in more detail, but it still seems like I get the stock standard "support note" reply as a first response.
Multi currency is not a feature that should cost an additional 50$ per month to use and the rub is that a much larger feature which is payroll only costs 10$ per month and most likely cost far more to develop.
Xero does not have any good support notes to assist in the customisation in MS Word except to say "You should be experienced using tables and field codes in Word, or can get help with these - online or from someone in your organisation.
I understand the approach that "we will give what online community wants" but please take in to the account barely anybody (unless desperate, annoyed, or have to much spare time) would have time to elaborate online.
On the 30th of Last month the transactions pulled through no longer match the banks transactions and it seems descriptions and amounts are staggered meaning that I have a heap of transactions to reconcile that I can't.Please let me know what is going on
But we have grown from 5 to 30 employees in 2 years and the processes need to move with this, I am a little worried that Xero won't scale much further or possibly won't scale quick enough for a rapidly evolving company like ours.
CLUSTER 434
The accountant advised to keep as much money as possible in the company and to book bank transfers to the owner personal account as a shareholder loan.
I know I can add secondary person to a contact on the contact details page but I'd like to import multiple people for the same contact by importing a CSV.
Hi, we pay mileage at 74cent per K, I have just found out that now 66Cents is tax free the remainder needs to entered to withholding tax.
When I generate the invoice in PandaDoc which auto generates into Xero, I can see the parts I quoted and pricing but the parts are not in Xero's catalog.
CLUSTER 437
I know we could copy and paste but this is a pain because it can only be done in the bank rec screen (not cash coding)...would cut the cash coding time down more!
I'm having issues reconciling a Mastercard with two transactions that are sitting in last financial year not showing up in new year even when I amend dates.
CLUSTER 439
And what's the best way to handle it?
Apparently, MYOB does the same thing.
He told me that was not the correct way.
What's the easiest way to deal with this?
There doesn't appear to be a way to get both
We just need the amount to be zeroed out.
I now wish to allocate payments against them.
My log in details are correct.
CLUSTER 442
Doesn't seem too complicated but I haven't been able to figure it out.
They are also both different users in Xero.
These receipts can relate to one or more events.
"but for now this isn't something the team are looking into at the moment.
Then I have to delete it and re-write it quicker than it can read it.
If that's the case, is there any difference between the two methods?
It will enable them them to manage costs against budgets.
Now one of them has appeared on the bill list, but the other has not.
CLUSTER 446
As soon as I created the bill in Xero, my Balance Sheet shows that the inventory account has increased by the full value of the 1000 units, as if all of the inventory is in my possession and fully paid for.
I have the need to create a repeating invoice that is dated on the 1st of the following month, but I want the invoice generated and sent to my client on the 23rd of the preceding month - i.e.
Currently in our paper system I have a paper copy of each invoice, I enter the invoices and then pay the ones I need to by uploading the batch payment file into our bank account.
I appreciate that Xero doesn't want to complicate the levels of access too much, but perhaps they could retain the current levels and add an "advanced" tab which shows more options?
We have people entering their expenses on their phones but each one they are entering as a new claim.I have to go through and authorise them all individually and add them up on a calculator to get the payment amount.
What I want is to Have Cody S Jr as a Contact and the ability to write the check to Cody S.Another option may be that I have a vendor name of "City of ____ - (department/Section i.e.
Where we have added the online payment option onto an invoice it does NOT show the AMEX logo even though PayPal takes AMEX.Can you add this logo please to the other logos
Would save a significant amount of navigating around - if the user has the authority to approve a bill like that - an auto pop-up could give them that option at the time.
In the Xero help article: https://help.xero.com/uk/Payroll-AutoEnrolmentCommunications$signatory we are advised that it is possible to "Download Eligibility Letter"Has anyone managed to do this?
This is the third time that I'm going to do a manual payrun for the reason that: "There was an error creating the Payslips at organisation Hotel Space.The only message we have from Xero is:This payslip has a negative net payment value.
CLUSTER 447
The Bank Feed for my client won't update I have updated any login details and they are all correct, but it's now saying someone is logged into the online banking, which isn't the case.
I am looking to dispose of an asset but have some questions.Lets say I have an asset of $1,000 in the Fixed Asset register and on my Balance Sheet.
Hi,I have been using the XERO API and I cannot seem to figure out which accounts of the list of all accounts show up when creating an invoice or a bill.
I've changed the VAT rate in the chart of accounts to the correct amount, but is there anyway of correcting the VAT for existing sales that have already fed in?
My idea was to input all invoices and expense receipts going back to then and use the system to manage all the data to pass to my accountant.
Is it possible to enter multiple timesheets at the one time instead of saving and closing each one individually then selecting the next employee.
Our FD was running the Payroll in Xero in parallel with our existing Payroll to ensure everything was correct before we migrated to Xero on 1 April 2017.
CLUSTER 451
Hi TeamThe Xero to Xero sales/purchases function is awesome, but we still need to go into the draft invoice and attach the file, whereas if we use the view and pay online function instead of Xero to Xero the document is automatically attached.Is it possible for this to be added to the Xero to Xero functionality please?
Would love to be able to run a report where we can group the tracking categories!Similar to the new feature in profit & loss report where we can group the account codes.At the moment we have more than 50 cost centres listed under tracking category, be really good to be able to run a detailed report of transactions where we can group the cost centres.
The PDF view is fine, as is the edit page, but I don't want to have to load either of those just to double-check a single line at a glance.Are we able to get the preview pane to show the actual data input amounts, instead of the tax-free component of each line?
At EOFY when payroll is being reviewed for balancing and preparation of payment summaries, corrections may need to be made to historical payruns - ie: those payruns that were processed when the client had the correct subscription for the number of employees being paid.4.
This will also be beneficial in relation to logging leave.My first issue i have run into is that when setting up the "Ordinary Earnings" Pay Item for them i can only select an Expense Account whereas our Accountant has advised me that all Drawings should go through an Equity Account.Does anyone have any suggestion regarding this or can advise me how their own directors are set up?Secondly when it comes to processing their leave, they will still be paid as the same rate, but their accrual will go down.
In this case for example:Payrun for Week Ending 31 August 2014 (Payment Date 3rd Sept 2014)I processed this payrun today, it in turn created the payroll journal but now when I look at my profit and loss the pay which should appear as an expense in the month of August now appears in September.How do I overcome this ?
I pay the 8% holiday pay with every pay but her pay run for last week shows a holiday pay of -$902.40.I tried to sort this in the employee leave tab but now I cant even process the pay run as it says I need to do an unscheduled pay run.This is really frustrating.
CLUSTER 452
In the user roles, particularly in regards to purchasing, I would like a separate permission to allow creation of new items but still require approval before purchase.This would put a check marked permission or something next to the user role "Draft Only - Invoice Only" allowing for addition of items to the non/inventory items listing, but still require permission to spend the money.
I'm only on a trial of Xero at the moment so i'm still making a decision whether i want to use the new system but it's hard to make when im unsure whether or not it's going to get fixed.Basically I'm just wanting to know if this is an issue that has been noticed by anyone else, to figure out if it is an issue across all xero accounts or if it is just an isolated issue with my particular account and is something that will likely be fixable.Thanks,Sean
CLUSTER 458
It would be ideal if each of my assistant managers had access and the ability to view inventory, sales, expenses, quotes, and invoices of only those 3 to 4 salesmen working directly with them.
Hi,Thank you for adding invoice reminders, it's something that has added a mass amount of value to reducing debtor days.Is there a possibility to add the same for outstanding quotes?
CLUSTER 459
My questions are as follows:1.
Weird, I was thinking the other way.
It take 3 seconds.
But, it still gives me the same error.
But it did not, it has added it as a second salary.
I have asked 3 times now, and you will not.
CLUSTER 463
When I click on these accounts, I would like to see only those items that are still open, i.e.
I have tried to get it back from the customer, but they are just laughing at me.Desperately need help fast!!
Do I have to wait for the new client to be approved by Xero (I added them 3 days ago)?
i noticed a minor adjustment option but think this is probably not the best way to go.
I can then reconcile these transactions but I am left with hundreds of unreconciled bank transactions, unrelated to my business.
I have now deleted the repeating invoices but found that this only deletes the invoices from today's date onwards.
I would only want to do this to use xero's feature with my personal accounts.Bad idea?
Is Xero able to recognise an supplier invoice as an expense when the invoice is entered in the system.
I withdrew cash from my bank account with the intention of making a bank deposit, but never did.
Our client pays us an upfront deposit that is held through the lifetime of the service contract.
Afterwards, I pay 85% of the monies to the bus company, and keep 15% as our commission.
Hello, hoping someone can help here...We are trying to complete a control account spreadsheet.
We had to shift through 9000 transactions going back to March 2013 to find the culprits.
Once we know we won't collect the AR them we write off the reserve and the AR (no PnL impact at that point).
I don't have credit note issued from supplier, but I am sure they are not receivable from supplier account.Thanks.
In QuickBooks, in Account Transactions or the General Ledger, it shows the accounts that were used in the transactions.
Can I just recon my bank deposits to my SALES account rather than matching it to the individual invoices?
I only paid $100, but I need it to reduce the tax liability account by $101.50.
I've also considered customizing the statement template, but I don't think the items are allowed in the statement.
When I make the purchase on eBay I record that as a Purchase Order but don't approve it or mark it as paid.
The Doctors want an invoice showing their gross earning and the management that is been deducted at source.
The problem I have is that only 5 of the fixed categories are showing up in the Fixed Asset Reconciliation Report.
I want to do this so I'm consistent in my accounting as I will now create bills and pay with checks that way.Thank you!
When I run my Balance sheet it is still showing the Archived Personal Account Balance.
I tried to change the import on my spreadsheet to all negative numbers, but Xero wouldn't accept the format.
I refunded them by transferring the funds directly to their bank accounts from our main business account.
I'm assuming that this will require the setting up of some pre-payments but I'm not 100% sure onthe process.
Our telecoms business currently generates 'termination fees' which the client has to invoice us for.
When I save a layout, is it possible to also save the filtering settings that I have with a particular report?
I just sold my supplier some equipment and now I'm trying to raise an invoice, but I can't, because I can't create a job on a supplier.
Do I really have to create a new contact with the exact same information to be able to raise an invoice?
Obviously we are going to do this as its better for cash flow.How do other people handle this in Xero?1.
I'm interested to know why my company's ABN does not display on the online version of invoice to my customer?
I then enter a payment in the sales ledger for the actual payment received and then a further payment for the balance.
I have seen them entered on the app on his phone however they are not appearing in my expense claims on my Xero.
It takes less than 20 seconds of your time to save all entries, for any or all accounts and clients.
That is there is no VAT to collect or pay on these transactions and the purchases/sales are NOT reported in the VAT return.
I tried the following, but it seems like I'm doing something incorrectly.In bank reconciliation:  1.
Now that I see the deposit in my bank account, when I go to reconcile it, the invoice the payment was for does not appear.
I think I know the answer is "no" - just clutching at straws and hoping some clever person has a solution.
Hi All,Sometimes we use our factoring company to help with cash flow of the business.
The panel is made up of non-profit practitioners and accountants from the US, NZ, and Australia.
However, when entering the invoice, the credit card account is not list in the accounts column.
As the items show on my credit card account i reconcile them against the relevant accounts i.e.
Hi all,I have just come to the end of my first financial year since starting my business.
I can make expense claims through the mobile app but image upload keeps failing.
However, my beginning bank balance does not reflect the balance in the bank on January 1.
When you create an invoice/quote or make any changes to a contact, they will be listed under activity for that contact.
Hi all,Sometimes when I reconcile the bank statement I will find payments that I haven't received an invoice for.
At the moment I am just putting these through as invoices and I'm not referring the original stock purchase which resulted in these invoices.
So we went gun ho with tracked inventory at the start, but didn't know what we were really doing.1.
I am using the paypal bank feed to automatically import all paypal transactions and fees.
I have just published and lodged my payment summaries but why can't I see the published payment summaries in reports?
Hi all, I'm starting off with WorkFlow Max for a client with the intention of it ultimately interfacing into Xero.
I create products in Unleashed, then just push them to Magento, which creates a store so I can sell the products there.
This morning I logged on via my mobile phone and I entered the same invoice which was partially successful.
I would like to know if we can add an invoice to a spend money transaction.Thanks
I notice that when I have an invoice and a bank feed line matches that amount it allows me to reconcile.
I do not see a way to choose a customer when completing an Expense Claim.Thanks,Tim
(I contacted Xero support about the above issues months ago, but they haven't found a solution yet.)
Also when in Cheeckeper I was checking one bill from a vendor, all of the other bills from the same vendor were popping up.
When a statement is emailed - it has the words "outstanding - Statement"  when invoices on the statement may not be outstanding.
Frankly,  I’m surprised there isn’t a customer PO field already that is tracked through the whole process.
I have a client who identifies their jobs by the address/details so the detail report at the moment does not provide for this.
It isn't hard to bring in a captioning feature on the videos, can you consider getting them added please.
Xero-to-Xero function is great - why can't Xero also populate account with it's own invoices?
Under Accounts - Inventory all inventory items are listed, including (dimmed) all Inactive Items.
At the moment you cannot tell you have made prepayments until you raise an invoice, then you can allocate the credit.
BBX are bigger and more worldwide than Bartercard, so would have thought this would have been possible by now.Thanks
When doing an account transaction search enable it to be done across all bank accounts at the same time.
We have chased clients who are up to date but still show as outstanding because the due date shows they are.
Therefore it would be good to know which email sent the invoices etc in the history.
Hi there,Yesterday I attended the Road Show in Canberra and it was really really good.
Right now we are sending quote out and once approved, nothing happens till we send them the invoice.
I know we can group them, but I would like my practice at the Top instead of scrolling all the time.
Make it so you can simply take a picture of a receipt, but you don't need to enter the details until later
Sometimes one of them forgets to lock the file after working on it, and then something gets entered where it shouldn't have.
These details are in Xero, it's just a matter of being able to get them in the report/export.Thanks!Jesse
Hi, I have accounts with three banks in Bermuda who are not listed foe receiving feeds.
Would be great to specify the way in which Xero will match transactions in Bank Reconciliation.
Please adjust the screen so that the save button is closer to the left side of the screen.
Seems like it would be a lot faster than having to choose each time we pay an invoice.
I have seen other requests for this feature and I'm sure every practice would use it if it were an option to do so.
It would be great if when you create a new contact that the email address is verified before it saves.
Also the ability to add a user to multiple or all entities under the same master xero account.
I know that it can be attacked by 3rd party add-ons but from our experience these are expensive to use.
When I create a Batch Payment, the payment is saved as a number with the .aba at the end of the file.
We have recently migrated to Xero and generally like the product but we can not believe that it it does not have this feature already?
Can you please provide a facility to be able to copy contacts to help speed up this process?
However, if an ending date is set that is the same as the invoice date, an invoice will be sent out anyway.
There are many others in Spain, of which I believe the largest are Santander, La Caixa, BBVA.
It is frustrating not to be able to see the reference field details when viewing Sales Invoices.
I then find and match for the pay method and date and it lists all the invoices and their invoice numbers.
The developers of this piece of work have assumed that there is a one-to-one relationship between PO's and bills.
Problem is when you bulk import and bulk approve the invoices are using the default theme.
It would also allow them to keep an eye on the level of reserves available for distribution.
This is a great feature when it comes to invoicing as you only have to enter one invoice per group.
Is it possible to add a feature which will allow you to choose what email address you want to send too?
For those who want to save their invoices as attachments in Xero they have to upload the invoice to Xero manually.
This should help also help distinguish these transactions within the VAT Audit Report.
This would make it much easier to see which contacts had been placed in the correct group.
Currently I have to use a separate App and then send the report to the accountant to enter into Xero.
We'd just need a way to input the actual budget numbers for CAPEX and OPEX items.
The ability to customize a csv output file to be able to import into a banking system.
When an expense claim has been submitted (to a single email address no matter who submits it)2.
The employee just scans their invoices to accounts who would then enter them into the expense form area.
The one in the middle is taken from the Demo Company (UK)'s P&L report.
Can we please have the ability to load more than one email address to who invoices get sent to?
Once the leave request has been approved and scheduled, it also shows in green, the status "Scheduled".
Does anyone know if we can select only to see our current employees on moving to the payroll tab.
It would be good to be able to the chart of account come up auto when the contact is entered
Chosen the customer to assign billable expenses to itemised within the bill.3.
)The payment is for the previous tax year so does that mean it could even be ?Thanks for your help!
even tried adding Tax value column to the CSV upload to no avail.
The transfer money function does not allow me to change the individual amounts to each bank account.
My bank feed from Mechanics Bank says it is updated by there are many transaction that are not imported.
For Permanent part time employees can i allocate days of week worked to their profile?
I click on inclusive but when I go to create an invoice or quote it puts Exclusive automatically.
In the standard report Income tax appears as an expense amongst all other trading expenses.
I would like to be able to merge contacts in practice manager like we can in Xero.
I tried importing a less amount but it still did not import the full amount of sales.
I know I attached them as I was just double checking all the ones I'd just entered ten minutes earlier!
Invoices that we create print with the Contact Name, which for us is the client's business name.
However, when i try to allocate $10 into this invoice, it shows that the invoice has been partially paid.
But I also need to have a text in the body of the invoice that changes too, to state the period covered.
Can expenses be apportioned acc.to market segment and product to produce departmental reports.
In the process I deleted all of the genuine account transaction and receipt records As a result: 5.
As it is now a new month I expected these to reset so that I could use my 20 reconciliations for the month.
Just near the phone number so that when I am chasing them for a payment, the details are all there to get a quick response.
The outstanding payments for this report does not seem to reflect the bank statement month on month.
I'd like the quotes I send to just have the link to the online quote, but without the PDF attachment.
Now I have a -SPENT $500 in my checking and-RECEIVED $500 in my credit card accountCan these be linked?
Trying to make it easier for staff to choose between options and avoid error.Thanks!
Is this a system bug?Also I am not getting a response from the elusive customer service team.
Of course it should be editable, however, the info is there, why not make it easier, especially for those once in a while vendors that you don't have memorized.
I know I can use the browser spell check but that still isn't the best.Thanks for the help.
Hi All,I've only just moved over to xero in the last day or so from Myob and looking at figuring things out.
It's obviously a simple transaction.My issue is, when the import happened, the date on the transaction is wrong.
In the US, sales tax is not revenue, but an added on that must be paid to the taxing jurisdiction.
Can you tell me if it's possible to print a detailed general ledger selecting a number of accounts?
But some transactions are showing up twice on the same date with different transaction type(e.g.
Does the Invoice template support google webfonts such as open Sans etc.thanksRegardsconor
Hi thereI receive bills from a supplier with payment terms for end of the month.
How can i get my email address, phone number and website details to appear on my invoices?
But now that we are on this platform, how do we know which other organizations are Xero users (capable of a Xero to Xero connection)?
I've been manually importing the statements to reconcile but want to get the automatic ones happening again.
I'd like to see all payments and total sum of to a particular vendor over the past year.
If we put all of it in the reference line it gets a bit too much and possibly confusing for the other garages!
Not sure what to do from here whether we force them to reconcile or have to show something as happening in the bank account.
Hi,I paid a bill which was rejected due to using the incorrect bank details.
$  1139.80So to reconcile bank transaction do I need just to record the actual payment as:           .
Can anyone tell me what to do to stop the negative amount showing under gross amount?Tash
When viewing time sheets please add a button to "approve and view next".
But when I try to add it, I am getting an error message : "Superannuation fund already exists".
As we were hoping to have our Payroll Administrator do this from now on but didn't want to giver her access to the company bank account.
Hi all,I need some help!I am in the process of moving a client to Xero and am now at the Payroll section.
Normally the program is really good at deducting a public holiday from annual leave.
To be able to create a the file I have to select all the employees again not just the employee where the payment summary has been amended.
However, Xero only allows me to add Australian residential addresses to the employee information.
Hi everyone, in the company I work, we want to set Xero up to do something specific.
We also deduct super automatically and for the purposes of work cover, he is considered to be an 'employee'.
We are paying one employees' termination payment before the next Payrun by manual payment.
When I process the salary the employee is being (over)taxed as the system assumes she is working those hours each week.
7.5 hours sick leave has been taken, its been approved and is on the pay run.
How do you return an employee to the payroll after a termination date was entered 6 months ago?
When I converted them both over to permanent employment basis, I did not think about their leave in the pay template tab.
Now I have a processed pay run in zero for the two employees and a refund from the bank for one of them.
If the leave code is ticked to show on the payslip, this balance should show in the Employee's Portal.
When I try and do an unscheduled pay run I'm unable to select the pay period that is missing.
Results in Employer tax with Employee voucher.Anybody has tested what is the optimal settings
He entered time in pay period 3/27/2016, which was available to him at the time.
The client has approximately 50 employees and is about to start the staging process for Auto Enrollment.
I've just run my first payroll that includes some SMP - and the SMP recovery is not showing on the P32.
Can I set that up somewhere when I enter a new employee, or do I have to enter that when I actually do a pay run?
When I run the payroll the figure entered in each employee pay template is not brought over into the payrun.
Having been a great fan of Xero, I was excited to convert to Xero payroll when it rolled out in April.
Doesn't seem to calculate accrued annual leave into account when calculating final salary.
This seems prone to error when process payrolls for numerous clients with numerous employees.
When I try to approve the timesheet - this message comes up, "This employee is included in a pay run.
I'm going through and coding everything at the moment but I'm confused about coding for Wages, Salaries and PAYE.
If you are a user of Xero and Clinic to Cloud, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Take two minutes to see the cash you could free up to grow your business.
Any tips?Singaporean payroll - fully online & compliant with all the relevant legislation, now and in the future.
Capsule integrates seamlessly with Xero to provide a complete picture of your customers, check out .
Includes a seamless integration of staff cost to Xero keeping your accounts right.
We have an issue where reports, when exported to Xero from Expensify, do not carry across client information.
I have added such accounting links before when using other accounts package but xero doesn't seem to allow it.
Hello, For some reason my COGS from LIghtspeed doesn't seem to be mapping into XERO, or if it is, I am not sure how to see it.
We successfully set up the credit card deposit integration which happens automatically each night.
Tried to post this as a review BUT - can only review with 2500 characters and the issues with the integration were many SO...
All we ask is you use the XERO integration to move your invoices from JobsDun to your Xero account.
Is anybody aware of any of the Add On Reporting solutions that would allow for this sort of reporting.
It would also be great if it could show us order schedule reminders.
When growing your eCommerce business, one of the biggest challenges you face is managing refunds.
How can I correct this without having to manually enter each account type per line item?
).What are other businesses doing out there with their source documents after scanning them?Your thoughts will be very much appreciated.Thanks,Terresa
Furthermore, your email support is so poor and so poorly monitored that the issue becomes compounded.
And was quite surprised (annoyed) that they do not show in the Dashboard Graph "Bill you need to pay" !
Time consuming.#2 When you do credit notes you have to do them individually which is really time consuming.
Previously all of the columns fitted neatly under the main menu headers in the centre of the screen.
Small business owners who do not understand all the obvious things that account type people do.
I'm offering these comments in order to invite further ideas, and to bring these to the attention of Xero.1.
The developers of this piece of work have assumed that there is a one-to-one relationship between PO's and bills.
XERO offers no "Technical & Current Status" on their website/software that are effecting users.
CLUSTER 467
However, every report I generate does not include the GST I am spending (I understand I get this back but taking it out doesn't mean I don't have to initially outlay it)  or often things like loan repayments to other accounts.
We always have a property address, job number, or client purchase order number in the reference field of our quotes, but when we convert to invoice this disappears and refers only to the quote number.
CLUSTER 470
We apply a fee on top of the cleaner's hourly rate (for customer service and payment handling) upon which we charge VAT.
Most of our clients are on a 100% payment upfront before we order the stock for them , Some goods come in at different times , which I then invoice at these times .
Hi Xero Users,Snapshot of the transaction:Being new to Xero I was unaware of how to allocate custom duty to the cost of the inventory.
When I run a Balance Sheet on accrual basis, it is showing correctly a, but when I select Cash Basis, it completely ignores the disposal entries.
I wish to send an invoice to the client with these receipts included, which I can do, but it does not include the attachments to the receipts - the vital evidence needed for payment.
Not so much the technical accounting side, but just your general processes.For my company, we create our purchase order and send it to our manufacturer.
On the right-hand side, on the 'Create' tab pane:1. default contact (but keep it editable) from the bank records.
While a single file is fine if printing, when sending electronically we're required to go separate each page from the file into an independent file.
I have tried to work it out via the Sales Invoice settings but it seems you can do everything other than check a tick box to display the bank details.
I require a profit & loss report showing all aspects of our accounts, in the standard reporting of P&L I doesn't include wages.
I am using tracking to enable the reporting of P&Ls by principal but the only way I can think to allocate revenue is by journal.
CLUSTER 472
When a direct debit form for a credit card is completed the account no or customer no is written on that form so why is this information not transferred onto the visa statement?
But what it doesn't distinguish is whether a company is a Corporation or not (there is no field in the Contact area to clarify who is/isn't so have to manually go through and create a group for all non corporations.)
CLUSTER 479
For some reason the month of January and February profit and loss xero isn't showing profit in these months although does show expenses, November and December it all works fine.
I've printed the bank statement reconciliation reports out month by month and printed the paypal history and tried to match things up but the numbers just don't add up.
When I go to Sales > Invoices > Awaiting Payment, I can see a list of all outstanding invoices.Some of these say 'Turned Off'Some say 'Turned Off For Contact'What is the difference?
Its within expected tolerances, however the onus is really on the Customer to inspect to goods before they sign for them (which carriers must allow, but probably aren't keen on).
I'd like to suggest to enable Xero to display Balance Sheets to exact dates (similar to the Profit & Loss) rather than end of month.
We issue out several invoices yearly and at the moment I am having to go through each invoice individually when wanting to identify one particular invoice.
A report that lists the transactions in a bank account that also shows where each transaction has been coded to.At the present time we have to click in and open each transaction to see where it is coded to.
In the "Bills you need to pay" bar graph, when the ratio between the smallest and largest bills is too great, it becomes very difficult to notice the small one.
We have always been able to add a message (eg 'special offer') and print off a run of invoices the night before the day of transaction so we can hand them to clients or leave them in letterboxes.
At the moment, you can add invoices from suppliers to bills and expense claims via the attach feature (see http://help.xero.com/#Payments_AP_Attach).
If the items are being setup in the pay template area it is extremely likely year to date figures will need to be entered in the payment summary area aswell.
We have a very simple fixed asset account and we depreciate all of them on a monthly basis, but couldn't tell if Xero automatically runs the depreciation at the end of each month?
(The billing organisation does not apply this credit against any future invoices, the client just pays the lesser amount).How do I best apply that credit note?
I used to be able to export our Customer contact details into Excel but now the export is showing every contact we have including the Creditors.
I don't want to go through and fill in all the 'filed' boxes in the GST reconciliation report every time for prior periods - to reconcile.Am I missing a step somewhere here?
When I pay wages, I'm simply paying a split transaction against a 'purchase'.I would love the function that allows me to make a memo or note that shows which employee I'm paying.
I work for a small consultancy firm based in the United Kingdom.I'm looking for a way to pay our bills using Xero, i.e.
CLUSTER 493
Maybe the community can answer this.Basically, I am noticing that the quote PDF (the one that your client sees) does not show discounts applied.
However, that report does not provide a negative value on the quantity column for items on a credit memo.
CLUSTER 498
Can someone explain what I am supposed to do?
I can't seem to figure out a way to do it.
(When I purchase the item it is an expense!
Do you have plans to improve this functionality?
That doesn't seem to happen on Xero.
But it seems like i cannot do it.
CLUSTER 499
Want to set the financial year to show from 1st Dec 2014 to 30th Nov 2015.I have imported bank records for period and entered a conversion date of Dec 2014 and it is saying balances required up to 30th Nov 2014, so looking right.I then added some invoices and even matched these to receipts, but nothing is showing in the dashboard.
Hi guys,I&#180;m an Accountant from Argentina and finally we are starting to use Xero here.As Canada&#180;s organizations we use cheque payments for purchases, refunds and expense claims.So, is it possible to add the same "Cheque Payment" feature that Canadian organizations has to Argentina&#180;s organizations?Thank for your help.
Unfortunately the new reports that Xero rolled out only partially allow this (in 'receivable invoice details' tab) -- giving me a report for all of our contacts by item, but the items are not grouped together, rather each item we sell a contact is chronologically listed by date but multiple purchases of the same item are not combined, so the reports are hundreds of pages long since most of our contacts repeatedly buy the same inventory item.
(Personal leave)Yes I have applied leave for Simone under Employee Leave from 17th June to 21st July Because i only started using Xero from 14th July, i have paid my staff manually from my bank transfers.WHen I log on to Xero, my pay run is stuck from 10th May because of the free trial.How do i…?Q1.
I hope someone to assist, my payment summaries are not balancing with the payroll report, on occasion I have overriden the amount of tax in most cases just $1.00 and I have allocated this to Manual Adjustment  but I cant get that amount to include in the PAYG on the payment summaries, can you please tell me how to fix it and what would be the correct way to fix this Regards Jodie
CLUSTER 500
For the parts work, on the invoicing side we'll generate a single invoice to the buyer at the end of each month which aggregates all of his parts orders including core deposits collected.
As an Accountant who is frequently working on reporting in past financial years it would great to see an option under 'common formats' for the previous financial year.
I like Xero to add assembly inventory to their Inventory.In our business customers have the option of choosing to buy parts or buy the whole units.
Now I have to export to Excel and add it in manually if I want to see a running balance.- There should be an option to show GST and/or the GST code in a column.
It is unworkable as it is taking around 10 seconds to bring up the folder, so i have had to not use the document function and go directly to google drive itself when searching for files which is not ideal.
For example, seeing a balance sheet account in GST Free might indicate an error as it would typically be used when posting to cost of sales or expense accounts.
My own part timers don't have set hours, and so have accrued their leave (via Ace) in days and then when it gets paid out it is done on the average daily rate.
We are having to move very quickly because our current loyalty program is closing down in a month and we need to have something to replace it.So we are looking to completely replace MYOB RM in the same process.
Despite attempts over the last months to change the account details from which my monthly Xero subscription is paid, money is still being taken from the original account.
CLUSTER 504
BUT the reporting capabilities are terrible.
Yee haw, dang it!
Some of them show payees but the majority of it doesn't.
I have a few clients who are theatre producers.
the ability to create a WIP?
CLUSTER 510
I can't find a way to nominate an Bank account as closed (so no new transactions) but keep it in the system until the end of financial year.
Using the cash flow statement from report templates, there is a fixed section at the bottom of the report for movement in cash balances that appears unable to be edited or deleted.
I did some searching but could not find anything on it, so far.I just want to add the transaction description so I can see which ones I may have coded to the wrong Account.
CLUSTER 513
So the figure we then receive is £95.
Im not sure how to do this in Xero?
Are these costs tax deductible?
At the moment, Xero doesn't allow me to do that.
Currently all three are displaying.
Now that I switched to a Corp, I can no longer do this.
CLUSTER 516
If you create a support request within a Xero organisation (as we Partners have been told to do for faster responses), you get a response email with your original message (without the subject) and a handy ticket tracking number - but no entity name.
We currently have a TFN field in XPLAN which we are sending through to Xero for the tax number, however as Xero doesn't have a TFN field this is being populated into the ABN details.This means that when an invoice is generated from Xero it displays the client's TFN (not good for privacy issues).Requirement:Add a TFN field into the Tax details for contacts
CLUSTER 518
While reconciling these transactions I realized that our office rent payment for January 2016 has a unique situation and I'm not sure how to proceed from an accounting standpoint.Since the rent was actually paid in Dec 2015 the transaction itself wasn't imported into Xero, I only noticed it when looking at expense reports.I was previously using QB and had the rent payment set up as a memorized expense, but it didn't record (in QB) until January 1st, 2016.
It requires that I take an item that I purchase and essentially part it out (think of it like purchasing a used dishwasher and then selling the parts from it one by one to folks that need that particular part for repair).I have an item on my credit card statement that shows the purchase of the dishwasher for say $100.
* No it does not improve our user experience ** No it does not reduce our business costs, it has already cost me incorrectly shipped parcels*** No it does not ensure accuracy of data as my staff are inoutting wrong customers with similar names, duplicating existing clients - The directory is beneficial to many SMBs, as viewing credit risk information at the point of invoice or contact entry they can reduce avoidable business risk.
She has asked me to re-send to the client with the correct details but also raise her a credit note as it has already been added to their system.My question is, if i roase a credit note to the invoice (say the invoice number is 01) should i then create a new invoice to the correct customer with a new invoice number (02) or keep it as 01?Thanks!
Have since found out that you can do a blank pay run: if you click on a previous pay run, a link appears top left which allows a pay run with no employees - but that's not in the manual as far as a I can see - and the un-submitted scheduled EPS is likely blocking the proper one.
CLUSTER 519
)What's the recommended way to do this?
Are there better ways to do this?
that are showing up as well.
CLUSTER 520
Hi, I am trying to find a way of ensuring that the statement I send to the customer has all the details they need to match invoices for payment.
It might seem a small thing ... but I imported all our 1,500 sales contacts, and Xero correctly identified the area code.
We use a rather long reference field that is critical to our customers and that reference field is truncated in the current portrait statement format.
SO: the main transaction to be reconciled will be 7p from the sum of the TWO bank transactions...This cannot be unusual but is there a speedy way of handling it?
As far as I can see the current and planned reports allow for inventory reports over periods of time but only showing monetary values.
It does not take into account the Opening Balance (Month 1) and therefore calculates the PAYE (Tax) for month 2 only (no cumulative).
CLUSTER 522
If I select "Statement Lines" it shows a different balance for the same date.
Hi there, I've tried searching the forums but not having any luck tracking down an answer.
I can do a full year comparison but I can't find a way to do a monthly comparison.
The amount is $229 and is from a payslip from the 2015/2016 financial year.
CLUSTER 524
!...If I had been able to quickly 'indicate' the bills I was paying at the time of paying then the reconciliation would be reduced to hitting OK..... What does anyone think?
HiWe have jsut switched the business over to Xero but our Bookkeepers are against the idea of allowing us full use of a Standard user role.
Also, would be helpful if Xero would carry over a due date onto the check from the bill instead of the date the check is printed on.
What we found was the Tax Exempt tax code detail included ALL Payroll entries and Expense transactions, along with the non-taxable sales.
The feed showed up briefly late last year (and kinda worked), but now it's vanished and Synchrony Bank isn't recognized as a bank in Account Details at all.
I have tried adding zeros to the front of the account no to make it up to the 9 digits as advised by the bank but it is not working.Has anybody else had this problem or has a solution to it?
CLUSTER 533
It would be very useful if we were able to select one or more inventory items when running reports
Can that option be made available if we wish to add further details to a title page.5.
When I click on the Bill drop-down menu, all I can see is Repeat, Copy and Edit.
We noticed that the Employment Allowance is not deducted from the PAYE due payable to HMRC automatically.
CLUSTER 534
In addition to this, the payment we receive in USD has also had a processing fee deducted from it which we'd like to include as well.Besides creating journal entries, does anyone have a solution to our problem?Thanks in advance!,Emelie :)
He's also going to help me with setting up my new software after I so choose it.I intend to grow that significantly with a new product that should be successful and earn about 10 times more per product ($600 ea).
CLUSTER 536
I opened a contact "Cash Sales" and went in to edit the address to suit with each customer after approving the invoice.What I did notice that the contact then updated to the last invoice details which then changed all other previous invoices which doesn't help me for reconciliation or auditing at a later date.I am required to supply an invoice to each client and generally the client would be a one off sale.Does anyone have any suggestions?
Is it possible to Highlight Text (ie as if using a highlighter pen) in say Draft Invoices/Invoices or Purchases?This would be so helpful for when cross referencing /checking / or having a query Then these items could be highlighted to bring to the users attentionCould even be helpful in Reports as well?Thanks
CLUSTER 538
I'm trying to add these receipts through the Xero iPhone app; however, the "New Receipt" window only shows my business bank accounts and does not show any of my suppliers.
Otherwise I have to manually maintain my inventory costs.I have read what I can and searched the forum but can't find any info on this.Anyone know an answer?Thanks, Richard
I have watched the video, but can't see what I am doing wrong.I have now emailed Xero about this 3 times, and I have had no response, waiting 24 hours each time for a response.
CLUSTER 542
By the end of a project, an invoice for a given project will have all the built up COGS and Service costs that the customer owes us, but the revenue of that invoice will have been recognized "smoothly".
The current history in xero only shows the last 10 or so transactions, and doesn't include a summary at the bottom, cost price or profit.
CLUSTER 543
Hi All,It would appear that when I run reports such as profit & loss that it calculates the sales etc when the invoice was dated and not when payment is received.
At the moment, Xero has a feature whereby you can see the overall balance of an individual contact that is both a supplier and a customer.However, you can do this only for one contact at a time, so although helpful, it is of limited use.
Is it possible to have this as a built in feature in the payroll, once a casual employee is entered as 'casual' can we put in the base rate and have the casual loading calculated and shown separately on the payslip.
CLUSTER 546
There are a lot of businesses out there who are preparing their own accounts who would find a good set of workpapers very useful!
When we are reconciling our credit card, certain charges we receive, we want to bill directly to clients.
If this goes over weekends or public holidays it can be hard to figure out exactly how much leave you are taking.
I've added "0", but it's being ignored.Can I add a column "Tax Rate" and set it to "0%"?
How do I add Late Payment Fees to a customer statement and can I distinguish these charges from general invoices?
CLUSTER 549
The tax will catch up but unlikely for a few years.
the start of our new financial year.
It does not need to be subtracted again on the balance sheet.
After that the balance is paid "after" the service date.
It gives them access to the sub project only.
CLUSTER 552
I have made the payment from the bank account to the customer but now need to sort Xero!How can I ensure Xero reflects the payment to the customer and that the VAT is included and will show on my VAT returns etc?Thanks
I have what seems to be a bank input for dec 15 showing and I can't see anywhere to find it or remove it.It will have to go back in eventually, but I'd like to see this clean up to end of Nov 15 before doing Dec and working on the current year.
Currently I need to remove the payment in order to re-assign a billable expense.In our small business I sometimes manually add bills, assign to a billable expense to a customer and make a payment to our supplier.
I'm looking at using the Quotes section to send out to clients and including the link for the customer to accept/decline/comment online however, after experimenting with the quotes, the system does not show the person who has accepted the quote, made a comment.
When viewing a purchase order that is being part-billed by the supplier over a number of bills, it is not easy to see whether the purchase order has been completely billed (for the purpose of "marking as billed") or if it has been over billed (for ensuring that the supplier has only invoiced the agreed amount).
If I click on the amount outstanding for a customer and export a pdf of the invoices based on the selected date range, in the pdf output the amounts are rounded but in the excel they are accurateCan we please have the amounts exactly represented as this confuses customers?
However when reconciling, instead of the DD incoming payment being auto-assigned to the invoices that created the DD payment, Xero creates a new entry and prompts us to reconcile against that.
When I enter the hours all looks fine.However when I look at the payslip it only shows the total pay of each payment type it doesn't show the hours or the rate.How do I get them back?This is a new problem.
CLUSTER 553
It showed the outstanding amount.
Which can be used to create a invoice .
I want nothing to do with this company.
CLUSTER 555
Please advise me how to properly do this.
This has not happened before, I have no idea what to do - any ideas?
As above, in xero I have to do this manually with a calculator.
Then the pension amount was incorrect.
SAM customers are more successful.
This is very good and we're supporting the move.
CLUSTER 557
will it ignore them2.
It's more a sign of desperation.
CLUSTER 560
not on the usual pay run dates.This would be useful in dealing with any pay corrections or leavers or any other situations which may arise mid-month.
I'm currently testing the link from ST to Xero but notes say to get "Consumer Secret" and an "Export Password".
CLUSTER 562
So I have several lines on my bank statement that show deposits being made in my bank account after January 1, but the payments were actually processed in the old system- so there was no balance to bring over to Xero.
We are using the Iphone App and have a couple of issues with it:-1) when we enter a business name and the date the job is done, the due date automatically changes to today's date when it is set up for the 20th of the following month?
Hi, I think it would be helpful to arrange transactions by if there are any documents attached.This could help in a number of ways if you are trying to find a certain transaction you have posted but forgotten about and need to attach a document to further down the line.Thanks
Xero have told me to use liability codes for the payments, but this still doesn't allow me to reconcile the payment made from the bank.Using their "work around" I get a credit for the payment, then debits for :-1.
Payroll reports Please add a report that will show the number of employees on leave for a period of time and the type of leave each is taking.Will help with scheduling and rosters.
Is anyone else getting this error when bulk sending invoices from the Sales Awaiting Payment page?I seem to have run into some sort of limit, Xero won't allow me to send any emails to customers now.
CLUSTER 563
I Can't wait days for this to be fixed.
It works the same way for accruals.
Whats the way around this?
The change is from a Monday to Friday.
But for some reason i can't add them to the employees.
How do I edit a payslip to calculate this?
CLUSTER 564
It would be great to have a branding column in the invoices lists (especially repeating).I use the branding to place targeted messages to customers and it would be great to see at a glance which customers are getting which messages.
HiI have uploaded my EMPDUPE file to the ATO via the business portal but it has been rejected for the following reason:Reason: Please contact your software developer.
CLUSTER 569
HiMy employer lent a large amount of money to a employee.He has been paying back this debt back to the business as a service, so it looks like the business is earning a income.
Is it possible to track inventory where the purchase and sale quantities are different?I purchase items at 17m2-25m2 (depends on item) lots at a set price, but sell them per 1m2.
Go to Workplace Pension and click Retrieve Scheme Details to view the latest details.We've retrieved the scheme details via Xero several times over the last week but it doesn't make any difference.
CLUSTER 570
Can I automate transactions in postalmate to Xero?
But that would break the flow of conversation.
Any suggestions on how to do this properly would be welcome.
We hit the process button and it is frozen.
CLUSTER 574
(when they have not spent it yet) I know how to credit the customers account that's not a problem and if they wanted the money returned straight away that too isn't an issue but most just want it kept against their account and now I have to reconcile and there is no transaction recorded in my system that we have received the monies when I'm in the reconciliation  area?The customers money is in my bank rec but the credit against their account cannot be seen to reconcile it?What is the best way to do this?Thanks
I would like to break down my sales into 3 different codes - services (massage, reflexology etc), products I make and the products I buy in from suppliers.So my first problem, is that I then have to go into Xero to amend all invoices received by iZettle, to put the different sales codes on.My next major problem, is that I only receive one sales invoice per day from iZettle on my Xero account and each invoice only has one line on it with a bulk amount of all payments received that day!!
CLUSTER 576
They want to be able to identify they bought black dress size 12 from Supplier A and sold black dress size 12 to Wholesale Customer Z.The only complexity really comes down to the inventory.
Having to clear the Payroll clearing account is yet another task in Xero that could be removed to facilitate faster processing and negate the need to reconcile the clearing account.
CLUSTER 582
I took pics of each receipt on the xero app and uploaded each and every one, but couldn't see an option to add the specific VAT for the purchases.. some receipts had a small amount of VAT due to a hot item or whatever.. but it wasn't 20% of the total amount.. so I've added about 6 receipts from the latest shoot.. added them all to a specific project.. but now I can't reconcile them because I can't click '20%' VAT because that's not correct.
The Aged Receivables Report (ARR) is great (even if I would prefer to have months running L-R not R-L) - but what would make it brilliant would be having a link for any client on the Report to open a new Statement for them.This would then mean the ARR would be a great 'go to' place to see who the recalcitrants are and get another statement out to them.
I would like to suggest that you add a link to the Xero Advisors next to the "convert your QuickBooks file" option when starting a new Xero Company encouraging people who are not sure if their QB data is OK to hire an Advisor prior to converting, so they don't have a bad experience and blame Xero for QB problems.
provide a payment portal (perhaps include a link when sending email invoices)2. be able to reissue payment link if required (overdue's)3. fees for providing the gateway should be competitive against existing online payment gateways for NZ.Bring it back to a landing page with details like company logo and registered company office shown to customer to proceed with online payment, even particulars of details entered into invoice for visual reference.
Just setting some one man bands up on Xero Payroll - typical owner managed businesses where monthly salary is either GBP671 or GBP883 etc etc.I set everything up and when I run the payroll and review it, on the payslip I get hours worked 176, rate of GBP0.317708 and Net pay of GBP55.92??
CLUSTER 583
Apply the social site transaction in the credit card account to the funds from the liability account.Is our proposed accounting treatment for this type of transaction would be correct on Xero?
the error message is that the account number and Apca id on file have not be registered.I presume that the DE id is where I type the Bank's Apca id number?
CLUSTER 584
The company has now issued us a refund, which is showing up as credit received on my list to reconcile.
When trying to open a discussion I am receiving the following error:"There was an error formatting your discussion.The tag or does not exist.
When viewing resolved queries in the exported workpapers, it is not necessarily obvious which account a query related to.
would be useful if you had a a system status feature which allows us to see when the system is tottering
Just sign in to Momentum, connect to your Xero account and let Momentum do the rest.For more information, check out .
I tried generating other balance sheet or profit and loss reports but also encountered the same message.
CLUSTER 586
Some tell us that they are exempt from being charged VAT on recruitment advertising.
Inactive Items clutter the display a lot, especially if there are lots of them.
Does anyone know what the best way to tackle this problem would be?
CLUSTER 596
Hi,Not sure if this is possible but thought I should ask.We sell outdoor furniture and was wondering if there is a way to be able to print a delivery receipt which then needs to get signed by the customer receiving the goods.
The sole trader business, he now wants to  set up in Xero -  does he have to subscribe to a whole new billing plan (he pays the maximum price now ) or can the sole trader account be in addition to the existing one?
CLUSTER 599
The only down side is that when we purchase, we have to ensure the quantity is put in correctly.
We export the reports in Excel and email them to the appropriate managers.
Please add Gobank to list of banks that can be imported.
Many invoices are longer than can fit on 1 page.
We have a client who needs to track POs issued against projects.
CLUSTER 603
All of our invoices were created via API and we specify the AccountCode always.
When I get receipts emailed to me, can I forward them to my Xero account, so they can populate?
(we use them for debt chasing).Again you miss the point by several miles.
Why does the expense capture need to be behind an app-level PIN?
I've heard this has been in the works but have not seen or heard any movement on the subjects for a year or so.
CLUSTER 608
I have received a couple invoices against this payment and created an over payment to account for the rest.
My organisation is a partnership that has multiple business depending on the nature of the work completed.
Employee Contact Details Report.Have the option to include all of the employees details.
Please amend the app to make it easier to enter the monetary amount.
Would be great to attach these to the leave applications when we schedule them in xero
CLUSTER 610
This will bring up the Overpayment pop-up window.Unfortunately when I enter the full amount of the payment instead of seeing the overpayment pop-up window I get the message:  An error occurred for the following reason:  Amount Paid exceeds the amount due.Does anyone have any idea how to resolve this?
Will the report packs have the ability to add note references to the Statement of Financial Position, to match the Notes to the Financial Statements at some stage?Even the ability to do it manually would be good if it can't be done automatically, e.g.
CLUSTER 611
When I resort to the back up questions because I cant access my phone quickly, typing my security responses in full view of whom ever I have with me is not ideal, nor very secure.
At the moment I am using 'draft' and 'awaiting approval' 'payable invoices' as a makeshift way of generating and tracking/managing purchase orders.
This is useless information as we already have an Accruals report that tells us exactly the same thing.This is very frustrating.Kind RegardsSharen DiamantopoulosSilver Partner
CLUSTER 614
I have been using the Aged Receivables customisable templates but am frustrated by the restricted options for including certain fields.e.g.
Is this correct?I now have a new business in NZ and with Easter approaching, I want to make sure I enter the Holiday Pay correctly for my employee.
CLUSTER 617
OFX.For example the CBA transaction attached shows that Sally Smith paid an invoice, but the bank feed transaction doesn’t contain that data item.
When I enter their details into payroll it wont let me enter them both with the same email address so i am only able to invite one of them to view their payroll details.
CLUSTER 618
Hello.I'm curious as to how I should be recording stock sold if the customer who purchases health and mobility equipment from us comes under the VAT Relief act.We buy stock from UK Manufacturers - The stock we buy has VAT on them however when a customer buys, for instance, a mobility scooter and suffers from a health condition that allows them to be VAT Exempt we supply the goods to them at the VAT Free price.My question is - when recording sales invoices and receipts what VAT option should I be selecting?
Our line of work like a lot others use the term estimate instead quote due to legal terminology We give an estimate of works due to not knowing any unforeseen issues til beging the job, as an estimate is a legal terminology that binds us to that price which may below out to unknown and invoice can't be adjusted
CLUSTER 619
This has not happened so I'm wondering whether this is meant to happen at the start of each month?
Ability to invoice in the field and potential to link to a website desirable.
CLUSTER 622
The $1K is clean and matches to the invoice, but the $970.70 is the real amount I gained...Thanks!
The second situation is US withholding tax, which is deducted from payments to my company by a US company that we work with.
It will need to be able to be emailed to the supplier straight away so the client receives their copy immediately too.
When adding a new organisation it would be time saving to be able to add all or a group of staff to that client.
This is very easy to skip over when entering a lot of invoices at once & if you are tabing across quickly the message is easy to be missed.
I have noticed an error in the draft payrun with holidays, how can I delete the draft payrun report and start again?
As a result one is not able to go back to Stripe when/if necessary to create a new payment for the same customer.
CLUSTER 626
accounts/accounts receivable/awaiting payment), it would save a huge amount of time if you could display the invoice description alongside all of the other fields - so at a glance I could scan through all invoices, and see what they were for.
There should be a "Annual Leave (Termination payout)" type that doesn't add super and changes the tax table because:http://help.xero.com/#PayrollHDILeaveTerminationAnnual leave payable on termination is not subject to superannuation.
CLUSTER 627
I then applied the CN to the invoices.
You keep saying there are other priorities.
Can you pls advise how to process this ?
99% of our orders are PDFs.
CLUSTER 628
So I was hoping to turn this off so that the information they get is all about only the one invoice.
It feels silly not having them available as it creates double the work.
I need a way to print out the 1099's at the end of the year.
in invoices look down the column and it works shows the ref  .
Should i be getting my monthly statements from a certain place so they are correct?
The main thing is the Reference box on Xero when we're doing the invoice.
When I send them an email the introduction is... 'Hi Davidand Jodie'.
CLUSTER 632
If I set up monthly recurring jobs in WorkflowMax and add a cost, I see the jobs get "activated" and they show up in the job manager, but where to go from here?
For Accountants, it is very very useful, when they are preparing the Financial year accounts to run a report of the residual uncollected balances (at the financial year-not at the current date).
Can you please alter the draft invoice only user access to give them the ability to create draft credit notes for approval?Thank you!
There is no FBT liability.Our former software had the capacity to set up a reducing balance deduction so that the deduction was automatically cancelled once the debt was repaid.
Therefore I would love to be able to sort the posts/requests based on the number of votes as this would permit me to review and use them wisely.Thanks for listening :-)
I have created a new customer csv based off the template provided but i keep on receiving the following error" An error has occured while trying to import the file.
HelloI tried to find the answer in the previous posts but couldn't.I was told to allocate payments to Wages & Salaries as there were no correct pay runs done at the time.
does anyone know which references the attached error refers to?I've used the PAYE references HMRC provided and have used our gateway details.
I just noticed a new, possibly undocumented feature as I can't find it anywhere, that on a new invoice, the invoice date and the due date are defaulted to the current date.
CLUSTER 634
Can't afford to lose this money.
But it only gives me 'contacts' to choose from.
Can you add them to do this, but not pay them?ThanksAlix
CLUSTER 636
I would like to ask why a customers over payment can not be left as a credit on their account.
It would be helpful to be able to see which transactions have been reconciled when running reports.
I would like to ask why a customers over payment can not be left as a credit on their account.
CLUSTER 640
I am having real issues with paypal transactions and am looking to hire someone who knows exactly how to do this and be able to import every transaction through the account so I know what products I have sold, don't just want to lump transactions together.
I am not sure if there is a feature for this but I cannot find it.As we pay the majority of our bills as a batch payment, it would be great if the reference on the suppliers bank could always show the invoice number.
CLUSTER 642
I was looking for some advice on Xero's capabilities in this area.Transaction volume are not high, so its more about managing the complexity rather than the volume.Is there an Add-on out there that might work here ?All help really appreciatedThanks
Then you have to wait for 2 minutes for xero to send the receipt, then check your email and then print it.Xero makes customer checkout take way longer than it needs to be, and way longer than our previous qb desktop.
CLUSTER 644
I have tried changing the 'type' of category under chart of accounts to 'direct costs', 'overheads' and 'expenses' but it means that the business/car loans are not included as they are included under 'current liabilities'.
Hi,My first quarterly VAT return is due on 31/08/2016 but needs to include the dates 01/05/2016-31/08/2016.
CLUSTER 655
I’m also assuming that if these are assets then there must be depreciation?
or am I going to have to check each sale, and mark it against a spreadsheet ?
BUT, please can you display the edit link by default.
And now our invoice numbering has an inexplicable gap in the numbering.
CLUSTER 659
How can I properly write-off invoices so that they are not tallied in my income reports?According to the Xero Guide, you have to create a Credit Note, but it doesn't detail what to set.
My question is really how do I reconcile that when I don't have an invoice outstanding for the client of $100,000 to match the credit in my bank account to?Thanks in advance.
Logged in today only to find All My Currency Bank Accounts have Disappeared!The balances and history remain in the General ledger but no bank accounts exist!This is very strange.
I then transferred the net amount to the employee bank account .when I go to Xero to reconcile it comes up with the transaction of this amount but if I put to wages is it doubling up?
CLUSTER 663
It has to be done as a CSV txt file - so we have created the CSV file, ensured all items are alpha/numeric, converted to a txt file and tried to import to the bank, but it won't have it.We have looked at NatWest's Guide -"Import file layout guide  CSV format" but quite frankly we just don't understand it.
I am Colour Blind.Today someone brought to my attention that in xero accounts there is different coloured fonts for"unreconciled" and that these different colours mean something.Well... i cant see these colours as they have a very similar tone.Could i recommend either the colours/tones of the fonts be more distinguishable.
Hi.I am after some advice on reconciliation of multiple invoices with one being a part payment.For instance, i have 5 outstanding invoices with one customer, they have paid 4 of them in full and part paid one of them.When i go into 'find and match', it is saying that the total is out by X amount due to the part payment of one of the invoices.I hope that makes sense.
So I entered a fake payrun in the Demo file for practise.I read about the changes from 19th Aug 2014 with no draft bill to enter now.So its my understanding that the wages are now sitting in the Wages payable account 804 which shows in the journal report (as per the Xero TV video) but when I go back to my dashboard and click reconcile items for my bank - it does not appear in the bank reconciliation so I cant match it with anything to reconcile?Can someone please tell me why or have I missed a step?
Hi,We are a Brownie baking business looking to use Xero but would love to find a way for our customers to place orders directly into Xero rather than needing to input the order into Xero ourselves using time and potentially making errors.Does anyone have any suggestions on the best option as many of the inventory apps look more complicated and more expensive than we need.Many thanksAndrew
But 12 manual transactions a year won't kill me I guess...I switched to Xero excited about integrations with the various systems we use, but so far the only one we sort of use is Insightly and are appalled at the lack of integration for notification/trigger type stuff (Slack/IFTTT, etc)
CLUSTER 666
That is great, but now I have a transaction of $44.80 showing in my Xero bank account and I can't reconcile it against the $45.90 showing on the customers credit note because the values don't match up.B) I have already received my fee reversal from PayPal because as shown above they automatically deduct it from the amount they draw from my bank account.
Hi guysJust wondering how does one breakout the monthly accrual for all employees in $$ amounts.I want to post the monthly accrual to the P&L and divert the weekly annual leave taken to the Balance sheet provision account.CheersR
CLUSTER 669
It adds it on rather than deduct.
Trying to do this and noted that we can't currently?
Do I add it as a deduction?2.
CLUSTER 670
Can someone provide me with the rules for using alternative delivery addresses on purchase orders.It seems, that depending how the address (or contact) was created affects how the delivery address is printed.For example, if a contact is created with something in the "Attention" field, the company name will not print on the purchase order.
So, for example someone gives £5k for teaching disabled children to swim: the accounts must show the donation separately and with all associated expenditure (teacher's salary, transport costs, stationery etc) to a balance of zero.
CLUSTER 673
Access code (AC) - not sure if this is the number from the device that changes or another permanent number we have,3.
But all you have now is you open the transaction, which means the whole screen changes to take to this transaction where you have to click Options and then Edit.
CLUSTER 674
I use Macs for everything else but the Mac version of QB lacks features that I need in the Windows version.
The sole proprietorship has a few different DBAs, which help us to split the income, expenses, etc required under a QJV.
The standard Xero cash flow reports include things like Accruals and Prepayments as if they are cash movements and they're not.
To date I have only had to transfer a charge from the main account to a single credit card account and without bank fees.
I want us set up as 50/50 partners, but want to take different salaries though out the year.
Rather than showing that the transaction was a wash (netting out to zero), it now shows the huge swings of expense between the two months.
I have entered my first few transactions for the account through "Manage account", "Spend money", thereby processing them as direct payments.
And I entered the conversion balances, while ALL of them are not updated in the Opening Balance Sheet, some of them are updated and some are left.What can be the reason for it?Anyone can help!
They use stock but not for tracking and they don't keep stock on site.They purchase stock based on the Customer orders they receive.
I really just want to tidy up the superannuation payment details so that only amounts that are due for payment are showing.Thanks heaps!
What I'm trying to figure out is what is the proper method during reconciling to denote that my Xero charge needs Use Tax to be paid?
There are a number of different factors that can determine how best to account for these transactions so please share your wisdom, and/or ask away!
There are a number of different factors that can determine how best to account for these transactions so please share your wisdom, and/or ask away!
There are a number of different factors that can determine how best to account for these transactions so please share your wisdom, and/or ask away!
There are a number of different factors that can determine how best to account for these transactions so please share your wisdom, and/or ask away!
Hi,Does anyone else get frustrated with the export function not providing a clean data table format.
I obviously want to post this money to the code 'owners fund introduced' but how do I post the money to the bank account?
Can I get some advice on how to deal with this unpaid 5% so it doesn't show as unpaid / overdue for 3 months in our receivables report.
My income statement has Sales under the Revenue section at a much lower amount than what is showing in my customer invoice report.
I know that a message appears at the top of the screen but when i'm working, it's easy to miss/ignore email message alerts.
As a lot of our credit notes do not correspond with invoices from the supplier and it then becomes difficult for suppliers to match off our invoices from our remittances.
I want this monthly obligation to appear on the list of items that need to get paid, but I can't seem to figure out a way to do this.
HiI am trying to add a product to my products list and overtime I try to save the product the system just freezes.
When the payment is received and reconciled in bank feeds do I need to do something special or can I just match it with the payment as I normally would?
(is the fact that I have accounted it the the bond liability account all that is needed to ensure that the $300 doesn't get recorded as income)3.
We have been forced to move from MYOB to Xero when we change accountants and have discovered that there are a lot of tools missing when compared to MYOB.
Hi there,I just noticed  PAYG tax withheld doesn't automatically add up in BAS.Do we have to add up manually?Thank you.Alex
A receipt from a coffee shop which was venue for a meeting between 2 staff/directors of the company and a client/potential client2.
We have about 10 organizations each with their own set of books;   I want to see the consolidated position of all 10 these organizations in one report.
As a CFO, I want to know when someone changes that setting as I cannot have prior months being changed without my knowledge.
When I generate an invoice on Xero, it automatically populates the contact address in all Caps, which is apparently the USPS preferred format.
Is it possible to be able to delete a Staff Member and this automatically removes that staff members having access to the files they have been allocated to.
This would extend to any type of approved leave.It is the same calendar widget that is currently available to the payroll administrator role.
For example, I have a manual journal to an intercompany account, however I cannot export that journal in order to then import it to the other company.
It is my understanding that the proposal for property businesses is that the rental income and expenses for individual properties will have be recorded and reported separately.
The Invoice list only shows customers, but I have many many invoices for the same customers - the only way I can tell the difference is by the Reference.
I would like the prompt list for popular receipts to include what I have entered on previous receipts - in the same way it does for "Where did you spend it".
so that a favourable result (actual < budget for expenses) is shown without brackets, rather than the current system.Thanks.
Further to this, when we go to assign the expenses to the client we just need to assign the entire supplier invoice against a specific customer invoice.
Tax rate needs to be shown for each line item - the report shows the total cost but is that tax inclusive?
The problem I have is that when the Directors check reports on there phone it shows the WHOLE invoice as outstanding not just the partial amount left.
This way we could use the left and right arrows in the file preview to advance through each file, renaming them on the fly.
Unfortunately, (to my knowledge) they can't set up the Xero to xero connect with our clients as the staff don't have access to the Xero network key.
When you email purchase invoices to the library to post onto accounts payable it sorts them by date received into Xero.
Having used Xero for nearly 2 years I have never done this before but today have approved the wrong draft bill.
Hi guys,Can we get the option for Xero to SAVE INVOICES when a number is used and it gives you a new number?
There is a lot of flexibility to change titles of headers in the report, but I also need to be able to change the title of the report.
I dont feel clients should have Advisor access - otherwise it is too risky when preparing accounts that they are not changing the accounts as prepare them!
When I am inputting bills, I sometimes struggle to remember what the usual payment method is to my supplier (it's not always written on the bill).
Hi, I have invoices from all over the world, and like to get all the contact information and bank details into the Contact list for the companies.
At present if the prepayment is made by a new client you can't even create a report from the Contacts menu as no invoice has been raised
Suggested amendments:- properly handle multiple budgets (presently it doesn't display them in the monthly column view correctly)
For vat returns that deal with international trade the descriptions in xero and where they are then posted to on the vat return is not always correct.
When in the bank reconciliation screen and you click into the find and match screen make it so the system shows credit notes.
At the same time I want to put money away for some new equipment that I know is going to be released by the manufacturer in the autumn.
However, to get meaningful trends, it needs to compare more than just the previous month to determine the true direction of the trend.
This report also needs to be able to be exported to Excel like other Xero reports so that we can adjust the numbers as required.
We have a company where there are multiple people with authority to approve and we want to ensure that the right person is approving the leave request.
e-filing is not necessary for me.i would just like to know when missouri payroll will be supported in xero.many thanks
When paying an employee who is on a set annual salary, the annual salary amount for the pay period should be reflected on the payslip.
I cannot currently see a report in the Pay Run which shows what leave has been accrued and taken for each employee for the period.
Extracting the information required for these forms from Xero without this cash basis option on these reports is extremely tedious.
However, if there is an outstanding credit for that supplier you get a prompt asking if you would like to allocate the credit to the bill.
Edit the bill to include the refund i.e reducing the amount to be paid with a second line negative amount.
Part of me is hoping not, as it's additional work, but it seems to me to be a wise idea to have  the supporting documents/invoices/receipts all together.
I just started using Xero in Nov 2016, and my balance sheet is showing some retained earnings for the 2016 year.
The majority of our customers pay directly from the invoice but occasionally a technologically-challenged customer will call in and pay over the phone.
When trying to quickly use the search icon at the top right to navigate to contacts, etc., nothing is coming up.
My trial balance is showing a value for an expense account that does not match the amount shown in the P&L report.
The solution of merging multiple contacts in the standard Xero functionality does exactly what we want but only 1 "merge" at a time.
The client is a chef who has one company that she uses for e-commerce sales and the other for speaking engagements/cooking classes.
I just went to look for a method to get a report of expenses for a contact with a breakdown of account allocations and hit a blank.
However when I open the list of all invoices for this particular customer, the fully unreconciled invoice is shown as partially paid.
Every time we email its the same boilerplate response from Xero Support, from our side it looks like nothing is moving on this.
The bookkeeper has matched off what invoices they can, but after the first three months where payments tie up, the amounts stop tying up exactly.
Because a screenshot can help you see a problem faster, why not make it possible to add one when submitting a support request?
set the reference by me during bank rec' - it does not actually prompt you to set the reference - which sort of defeats the object of having that option.
Currently they have to be saved to a folder before they can be attached, you often end up opening and closing invoices to find the correct one.
Hello just was wondering how to get awaiting payment as default when I click on invoicesNow I have got a paid tabThank you Marian
Does anyone know how I should reconcile this second payment that never went through but is shown on the bank statement, if that makes sense?
But I don't know what to do with the Payee Name coming together with the other field, it's as if the feed is coming without a separator, or something like that.
But when I try to reconcile the credit from the supplier in the bank feed, if I do an overpayment-receive money it sits in the awaiting payment.
I have managed to delete the budget but now when I try to add a new budget it doesn't impact on the overall budget which stays at zero.
But when you combine those paid invoices with the Squarespace sales, you cannot adjust ONLY the bank fees for the invoices, you have to account for each of the transactions.
I click the payment link and it shows me the reconciled batch deposit for $3000 listing all 3 invoices as being paid.
It seems that Xero doesn't offer this simple feature instead - after reading many forums I am going to use tracking.
In this card all transactions plus the monthly direct credit payments, bank fees and interest charges appear.
Having read in the news today that the Safe Harbour agreement has been ruled invalid, I wondered what Xero's response to this is going to be?
When I reconcile, as we don't do sales invoices, I am having to use their name or email address as the recipient which in turns is adding them as a new client.
Currently we've added the assets with this issue using a depreciation rate of 0.01% but this isn't quite an ideal solution.
I am now reconciling that account and one of the transactions is a transfer from one bank account to another bank account for the same company.
Please call me if you can on 07715602793, I want to subscribe, but before I want to familiarize with the software to gain confidence.regards,Mohammed
The total outstanding amount is correct.The employee payments do appear in the purchase invoices section as expected for all users.
However, Xero does not automatically OK (in Reconcile) or Save and Reconcile All (in Cash Coding) the entries it assigns to accounts.
So I processed it manually, but now when I go into Auto-Super - the super amounts for that quarter are still there - any idea how to delete them?Thanks
Logically this is the business address if separate from the registered address, but if you want it to appear on a sales invoice you have to add it there separately.
This is all part of the same company but we want to be able to see the turnover and profit and loss etc for each branch to monitor its performance.
We have just realised that when sending statements to clients, there is no comment being automatically recorded to say this has been sent...Would it be possible to have this added?
This will be an opportunity for accountants and bookkeepers to see a live demo of Xero and get an introduction to the benefits of partnering with Xero.
For the consulting firm, the employee number is key in our costing spreadsheet so we can accurately allocate the employee cost to each project.
If I entered ordinary hours times hourly rate on template for a employee, Does the figures transfer to pay run?
The Xero software is not deducting any money from these employees wages for PAYG.I think this will get us into trouble with the ATO.
It is only a payroll issue or when I try to access employee files to enter leave applications or amend details etc.
I have changed it to 30 hours in the pay template but when I go to do a Pay Run it's still logging it as the normal hours.
I have to keep changing the 'to and from' dates which automatically pre-fill, especially when the payrun goes from one month to the next.
We have decided to backdate all bank feeds etc to 1 July 2015 for the start of the new financial year.
I have attempted to go back and adjust the payruns by reverting to draft, but am told I can't do this by the system because auto payments are enabled.
I have an employee who only worked two hours before going home ill. How does she put that on the timesheet that she worked two hours?
I have just noticed that when employees request leave covering a Saturday it does not automatically include this day in the hours on the leave request.
I have turned Emploee Groups on so I think I can do it for future pays but I wanted to know if I can put it in place for past pays?
Has anyone noticed that the latest Payroll Update changes to Employee Details - specifically Date of Birth has a bug?
I was not sure how to make the correction under transactions to reconcile with the bank statement other than to make another transaction with the additional money.
Then when I was going through the Xero payroll year end videos it shows a report called Gross to Net (under Reports).
For those of us that lived through the first 6 months of Xero Payroll we were all part of a BETA test that we never signed up to.
We also need to show the amount the company pays to top up from their commission to make up their guaranteed amount.eg.
When I run a bonus pay (through clicking unscheduled payrun), it seems that payroll taxes are not being calculated correctly.Thanks.
The lack of a phone number becomes a deal breaker when the software is buggy, deficient, AND the documentation is woefully insufficient.
i have put in the correct one one but it wont change it now so i can pay!Help so frustrating when we cant talk over phone !!
I have noticed the new feature giving to option to combine accrued hours with "due" hours for annual leave.
Hi i have gone into my employee and added on pay template the new deduction and saved, but when i got to the payrun to check if its there its not?
Plus, we’re making trusts easier and more profitable to manage by bringing all the people involved and information together in the cloud.
Any tips?ExpenseCheck connects to Xero to provide intelligent notifications about when its the right time to move to a new supplier.
Any tips?Streamlines the process of sending overdue invoice reminders to your debtors to help you receive payments faster.
I have a Stripe account and it is linked with Xero - when a client tries to pay via stripe they get an error message.
The shop will be using Xero for accounting - does anyone have experience of which Point Of Sale app would be most suitable for this environment?
I run a small IT shop, I have 2 subs that are treated like staff in workflow as well as my wife who does the bookkeeping.
Recv'd has transformed this process, taking what was once a task no one wanted to do and automating it; turning it into an efficient and painless experience.
All this will need to be implemented in the conversion.Before I go ahead with my recommendation, I was hoping someone may have some other suggestions or some advice?Thanks
Hello all - and thank you in advance for your help.We're a clothing company, selling clothes to the public via website and to wholesales.
To be clear, when referring to 'consumable inventory' we are referring to items that we use in our production process to create our own products (ie.
Its clear that if there is such a great community here around Xero, much of needed add-ons are already covered, developed.
HI,I'm looking at moving away from GetHarvest and using the Xero invoicing system which will save time and money.
The client is keen to move to Xero but this Invoicing requirement seems like a stumbling block.Regards,Lisa
Also there needs to be another way to push the information to Xero without having to RECEIPT the purchase order first.
I was thinking I could set them up as a bank account and the import the transactions as you might for a bank account that doesn't have a bank feed.
I have a client who would like to integrate their SugarCRM to Xero and I like the look of the above but wanted to see what other people's experience with it was.
I keep going on the help site and contact us section but it just says to login to contact - I can't though as now unsubscribed.
The domain the email came from wasn't xero but open.e-mail.com using a Perl mailer tool.
It is fair to say that the main load of bills are the repeating ones, not the one-off bills that I may bother to enter.
It seems since the last update of the look and feel of Xero I've had quite a few 'bounces' which say Blocked Sender.
As a result, the total A/P balance on this report does not match the A/P balance on the balance sheet for the relevant date.
And no my internet is not slow and my google chrome is up to date and has no extensions loading that could cause the problem.Are others finding this?
I met with a client recently who had inadvertently recently sent all their business records to the local tip and were not able to retrieve them.
very simple but very powerful when it comes to reporting sales by customer without having to put a salesperson on every line on the invoice.
I created a new account Thursday and the bank feed has been down all this time, This is not a great first impression and does not fill me with confidence.
CLUSTER 676
I have set two up, for invoices we get monthly, but they are always for different amounts - mobile phones (sometimes we spend over our contract) and our forklift hire (which is per day - different no of days in the month!).
I have tried both the admin login and my personal login to no avail.Has anyone experienced trouble with a Bank of Ireland feed?Is this an issue on the xero side or the Bank of Ireland side?Thanks for any suggestions,DaveP,S: I have made sure all logins are correct
Same as "Current Financial" Report, which gives month by month break down; but for last financial year.An enhancement to the feature is maybe allow selection og which financial year we want to see.
CLUSTER 680
We use to be able to do this in the pass.
New to the Xero layout.
It would hugely be appreciated.
Xero out of all the features requested.
CLUSTER 681
I then need to record the purchase to our supplier.
What's the best way to record this in Xero?
Xero interprets SKUs as unique when they are not.
CLUSTER 682
Anyone with access to creating a contact record is able to enter bank information on the record, and change that at any point in time., And there is no audit trail that I am aware of identifying any change?
When a client leaves a question on the discuss tab, it would be good if the reply was in a different colour so it is easy to see that the question has been replied to.
CLUSTER 687
Hi,How can I customise the 'Description' for payments received or paid when it is linked to more than 1 invoice or bill?Currently when I go to 'Account Transactions' it displays as 'Payment: Multiple Items'.
New Xero user so apologies if this is a simple question.I have set up a repeating invoice marked "Approve for sending" and used a template that displays with the email address of the recipient but I can't find any evidence of the email being sent.
Of course, Xero makes exporting anything a total nightmare, and thus we are really struggling with cloning our entire Xero organization from one login to another.Can anyone suggest anything we can do to avoid having to re-reconcile 16 months of transactions?
The Wisconsin-based employee is moving to CA and will start working from CA on Aug 1.I wanted to set things up so that I would be ready for the next pay run (run semi-monthly, Aug 15 paychecks).
I am looking for a good POS tools to review and then use in conjunction with XeroThey have to be supportable in South Africa, simple to get up and running and simple for frontline staff to useLooking for practical experience in the use of this, can any one point me as to alternatives I can review?
CLUSTER 690
For example when the debit is 1000 and the input VAT for this, at 20%, was 199.98.
Showing GST on all of the invoice but customer only paid a part lump sum .
Problem is that in the UK that will cost me £22 per month which is prohibitively expensive.
- to be able to save it a .jpg/pdf, although this can be achieved with a screen capture.
it does not even allow addition of an asset account in the pay run function.
The problem is we are left guessing, not knowing, if we have reached the limit until we try to reconcile.
The employee does not normally have HELP deducted because their annual wages are well below the threshold.
CLUSTER 693
Then to be able to use the time sheets to record how many hours they did, selecting time and a half for the Public Holiday hours - and that info to be carried through to the pay slip.
I have used a bookkeeper for years although she is an old school MYOB user that just isn't coping to well with one client (me) trying to get her on to Xero so I am doing as much as I can on my own.I have my bank feeds set up and have been doing my reconciling as often as I can.
CLUSTER 695
Xero never handles these transfers correctly and, as a result, the balance does not match.
My computer hasn't changed, my printer hasn't changed but apparently, Xero and the settings changed.
CLUSTER 700
Currently, Xero does not allow manual journals to be entered against Bank Accounts.
When I send an invoice to a customer, does it give them the option of sending me a remittance advice?
CLUSTER 702
(I have already done extensive searching on this topic but not quite found the answer....)Background:My wife has recently asked me to assist with looking after the books of her small business to which I have agreed.
However I need to send a report to the Management Company listing all of the outstanding invoices for all of their sub branches (this report must group each branch together).
CLUSTER 704
If I was able to correctly fix the unfiled amounts, how best to know if we've paid/received the right amount to/from ATO.3.
Ability to edit PAY NOW text in custom PDF invoices and ability to replace it with an image.1) At the moment it only can be linked to Online invoicing.
At first stage we are opening our off-line shop but at the same time we would like to start to develop our online shop as well.
"Im with the bendigo bank and at the start of the month when i refreshed my feed it come up with all of march's transactions even though these had already been reconciled.
CLUSTER 712
I've been using Xero for about a week so really new here but I think I'm getting the hang of it.
Then I check it against a customer invoice report which shows all sales in the same period.
When we hide bank accounts from the Dashboard the old fashioned way i.e.
Also, when you are converting from another accounting system, you have to reconcile items manually.
This helps to eliminate 'contacts' being duplicated because of spelling errors when typing etc.
CLUSTER 715
if the insurance premiums is at $100 and I get a commission of 15%, the client pays to the insurer directly $100 and in turn, the insurance company pays me $15 for my comm)At the moment, I am recording the $15 as sales from the insurance company and doing a billing to the customer for my own internal records.
Hi,We have an online shopping payment and subsequent partial refund showing on our bank statement, but only have the bill for the nett total in Xero.How do I select two bank lines (one debit, one credit) to match the bill?Thanks,Chris
Changed the year end on Xero and we could still run the depreciation.We have come to doing June's management accounts and it is now saying that as we have locked for transactions prior to Jan 16, Xero can not run depreciation as it wants to adjust prior to Jan 16.
HiCan someone help me please, I am in the Compilation Report (V2s) and would like to putwould not need to sign every single Financial Accounts we prepare, it is already done.I have tried just to copy a jpg file and a word file but can't seem to get them in there.ThanksTracy
I seem to recall there being some issue about the way that Xero reports so that if you just use 'Create' or Create via a rule within the reconcile screen, but can't remember the details.Is there any problem with just creating transactions rather than manually matching the transaction to a bill?Thanks for any insight here!
When jobs are currently set as recurring for dailt, weekly, monthly and quarterly tasks, they are not allocated a job number until the day the job is due (or due to start) - this means that these recurring jobs don't feature on schedule forecasting or capacity planning reports / KPIs.
I have just lost my typing in the Description column.I did not click over to the next column and just tried to save during my workings.I lost all that was typed in the Description column simply through not clicking out of the column.You need to put a reminder on the save button to remind to click out of description box.Is their away to retrieve.
We have different contacts within one company for sending invoices and quotes to.I would like a feature where one person's email address comes up when I am sending a quote to a company and another person's email address comes up when I am sending an invoice to that company.
Bank rules will not allow posting to a cash account.A client running a small restaurant would like to be able to enter daily sales figures to a cash account and then set up a rule in the bank feed to automatically post all the bankings to the cash account.
It's not clear to me why tracking has to be added manually to an invoice, when the appropriate tracking category could be pulled automatically form the inventory data along with SKUs, Description, Tax Rate, etc... As it is, I'm continually having to go back and add tracking categories to invoices after the fact.
Hi Could we change a leave request to include different Leave Types.For Example if an Employee puts in a personel leave but doesn't have enough leave accrued, I would like to be able to chaneg part of the leave to unpaid or annual leave.Thanks Orhan
Could we please request that a heading be added to this report to include the period of the report for example "1 July 2014 to 30 June 2015"This will make it easier when people that look at the report (that didn't print the report)will not get confused as to what period it is relation to.
Xero Very Slow TodayHave found this is usually when they playing with something to give us something new but not want users wantSee the high volume of feature requests going unnoticedHave already noticed the Font Type has changedWho know what elseWorried..........................................
there also does not seem to be an option to update multiple fixed assets at the same time, set them all to computer hardware type for example.i could only set my calculate fixed asset date to this year, so i have to manually enter the depreciation of each asset for the previous years.
I am trying to put all information into Xero via the API from our private application, and then process a batch payment from Xero.Currently the only field that needs to be populated manually to be able to generate a valid batch payment is the Details field for each of the bills that were selected for the batch.
Does it work the same with Xero?Right now, my balance sheet shows 10K contributions, 5K draws with year earnings/loss of (5K) for previous year.For this year my balance sheets shows all the same, except the year earnings turn into Retained Earnings.
Xero direct debits my subscription from my Business credit card monthly.I am unsure if I should be creating a new bill each month under 'bills you need to pay' OR put it in under 'Transaction - Payment.I've used both methods but I don't know which is the correct one or if you do it either way and it doesn't make a difference.
HiBefore I was able to add a custom url to my payment services but now its asking for shortcodesThe payment service I use is a custom application and theres no option to add the codesHow can I add a custom URL without the above as in https://www.mydomain.com/pay
I would like to use the automatic feeds feature that is built in to Xero for the Paypal account, but it is setup as a checking account in Xero.Is there any way to change the account type to the "Paypal" variety from standard checking account in Xero?Thank you for your help, very much appreciated.
If I click "Actual vs Overall Budget" it displays the data the way I would like to see it, but only for the current month.The reason I want to see individual line items budget vs actual by month is so I can look for trends where overspending occurs.
For example, changing the day can lead WorkflowMax to change the year (this seems to happen when the year that you have entered is a prior year; change the day and the year changes to the current one).Another problem is that the date picker won't let you paste in a date.
All that remains is my basic profile when I log in, but I won't be using Xero again and don't want to leave a profile behind as legacy.I followed the instructions in the thread about deleting during a 30 day trial, however the Xero interface has changed since then and the instructions no longer make sense.
completely empty.Sometimes when you are trying to test treatment of transactions this can be very useful.Coming from the MYOB environment I was able to do this easily, and probably did it hundreds of times.If I want to demonstrate the life of a Fixed Asset from start to finish it is easier to do it with no other data in the system.Thank-you !
The date on the voucher prints over the check number, the word Amount and each dollar amount is cutoff because they appear to be outside the margins.It would be nice to be able to adjust the voucher alignment independent of the check or to not adjust the voucher alignment when adjusting the check alignment.
Currently to reconcile the wages on the P/L to the payroll activity summary I have to take gross wages on the P/L and reduce the sacrificed amount on the payroll activity summary to get an accurate depiction of how much was spent on wages and how much was spent on super.
However, reverting to draft resets the tax details for each employee to whatever is currently configured on their Employee Tax tab details.I discovered this as we have removed the HELP debt checkbox on one employee recently and the most recent pay was processed without the HELP deduction.
Is it possible to issue individual employees an early payment summary without locking down the whole system for the rest of my employees?I have an employee that is leaving the country and wants to submit an early tax return, and they say the ATO requires a payment summary.
If I put it in wages it is already on file so am slightly worried it will add to the credit column?When the payment comes through on the bank feed I would allocate to 804 which should then make my wages payable balance with a nil.Hope someone can understand what I am trying to say :).CheersDonna
My question involves the Federal Income Tax on our employee's W-4's.One of our employees who would have only been with us not quite three months in January when she received her W-4, is now questioning why she had only $20-something in Federal Income Tax withheld.
It's still on the welcome, complete your first Pay Run screen.The Date under Payroll Settings > Payroll Tracking is locked and set to Oct 1, 2016.When I go to enter Opening Balances, it asks for Jan 1-Sep 30, 2016.
When setting up a work location in the payroll module, the address is found in Google maps and is listed as a verified address, but in the following screen when submitting the address the app creates an error message that the "Address cannot be verified" and will not allow the address to be submitted.
We are really happy with the accounts side and the cost is a lot less that sage that I previously used but if I am going to constantly run into these issues I am going to have to think about leaving it and reverting to my old program.If anyone has any ideas/insights/help I would most gratefully welcome it!ThanksNicola
I've been running Xero payroll for about 8 months now with two seperate pay runs, a weekly pay run for the majority of employees and a monthly pay run.I'd noticed that on the weekly reports they never showed the week number for the payroll year but didn't think much of it.
Have Xero yet to update the 2017 year end process (apologies if this has already been brought up on the forum) but was just about to start running year end procedures for our not so inconsiderate number of Xero payroll  clients and only can see an option for the 2016 P60 not the 2017 ...
At present under the Payroll PayrunTab we are only able to see that a payrun has been posted.Under the RTI filing tab we cannot check its status with HMRC until it shows as "Accepted" some hours later.It would be good to see under the RTI tab.Payrun- "Pending", "Rejected" and "Accepted"---
I'm having problems with a 'check payee account details' error when I try to do a payment export from payroll.I've been through the relevant accounts (employee and organisation), corrected for three digit suffixes, checked for spaces or hyphens in account numbers, checked the actual numbers, but nothing changes.
There is no visibility on IRD PAYE payments after each pay run either.Perhaps I just don't know enough about the program yet (doubtful, I have watched/read everything available) but I never had to watch any "training" videos or read discussions for Flexitime and I've figured it out just fine.
We are looking for an occupational therapist (or somebody who does the bookkeeping for an occupational therapist), who would be happy to share their experience with an app or add-on that copes with the new world of NDIS.If you are currently using an add-on, we would very much appreciate your feedback.Many thanks, Sheree
The Private Key and Public Key have both been found and I've entered the Consumer Key and Consumer Secret plus the account codes but when I go to send an order invoice manually or set it to automatically send an invoice to Xero it doesn't work.Can someone please assist?CheersPaige
The company imports constructions materials from China to 3 states in Australia, does drop shipping as well as holding inventory, needs transit tracking, ability to handle cubed metreage, multiple sites, multi currency and has good support.
Although you can see whether payment was made via PayFast or EFT, the amounts are still being allocated to the bank account, so that our Xero bank balance is incorrect.Could anyone advise how we split the export so that it assigns transactions to PayFast and Bank correctly?
!I've found the below possible solutions, has anyone had experience in a desktop based building estimator tool like Constructor or Interacct that could recommend any of the below add ons?•	Build Xact•	Co-construct•	Corecon technologies•	Tidy BuildAny input is greatly appreciated :)
HiWe are looking for a quoting system where you can book/schedule a quote request into the diary / calendar and then from there turn that in to a written quote and then if they accept turn in to an invoice that links with Xero.Does anyone know if something like this exists and if so what program would be best?
I implore everyone to that the paramount reason for this discussion is NOT to assert that our choices in technologies are better or worse than anyone else, quite the contrary, it is to help the community be aware of a resource to share experience with technologies that it may not be common place to run across.
Since Xero doesn't provide reporting for all jobs done, I was recommended to use "Add on".Questions1) What would be the best "Add On" for the purposes of preparing P&L Statement for each of the job?2) Does Unleashed allows my client to prepare a P&L for each of the job?
Does there exist a car mountable GPS tracking add-on for Xero or WorkFlowMax?I know there exists various smart phone software that uses the GPS of the phone, but I really want a permanent physical device in my vehicle hooked up to the car battery.
We sell only half a dozen items, of which one has a 16 digit serial number , does anyone have any recommendations as an add on that would allow tracking of serial numbers allowing us to see when the item was bought and by whom, along with a note about that specific device (repairs etc)
I am more a virtual, part time controller type that is Advanced QB and Xero Certified; but new.I am not a bookkeeper per say and don't do payroll or sales tax, especially the form filings and regulatory reports.Anyone have any suggestions as to payroll services or add-ons to XERO.
The client also maintains the premises on behalf of the client and therefore needs to record any money spent on a property and invoice it back to the landlord.He uses Xero and wants a letting agent software that he can use to run his business but want it to integrate with Xero.
Hi folks,A quick note to say that while I really like Xero's functionality and it is miles ahead of our old accounting package, I can't say the same for the formatting / look changes that have been released in the recent past, in particular the new report formats and now today the dashboard.
Hi,In the past week we have had several issues with PayPal and Bank feed imports:- PayPal importing duplicate transaction for different values.- PayPal importing a refund but never the original transaction (apparently Xero has always done this and has no plans to fix).
I am not truly happy with the security or lack of security in Xero, especially after the recent "issue" or shall we call it breach, which has seen us forced to change passwords.Xero is the lifeblood of any firms accounting and customer information yet we still only have the option for a password.
CLUSTER 718
Also send email to that user that there are bills awaiting for them to approve for payment(I know this is not possible at the moment)?
I need the ability to disable self calculating tax in order to process commission claims and not have to check each pay run for the correct tax
CLUSTER 724
However I simply want to track it against the Directors Loan account instead of working through the Expenses FunctionalityThe reason being is that the Directors Loan Account has a balance... and it will make it simple.ThanksAngus
I think the only way was to recharacterize the initial purchase of the inventory as an expense, but I think that's a lazy way of doing this.Second, I want to donate inventory to charity.
Currently we can group our clients so that we can categories them in the Clients sections BUT when i go to search for a client in the group it search the whole client list.
At the moment the only way I can get this report is to go to Contacts / Customers, then select the correct Customer and then click on 'View recent invoices', which finally brings up the Invoice Report.
When entering accounts payable invoices currently after entering the invoice number there is a message that pops up telling you if there has been another invoice added with the same invoice number.
The timesheet for an employee that is generated by Xero is incorrect.I cannot do my staff pays until this is fixed as it will not let me add in their hours for Tuesday.How do I get rid of the second Saturday?
When I submit the Pension filings from the pension tab I get a rejection message saying "Internal Server Error, please contact payroll support".Anyone know why this is.
Hello, I am relatively new to Xero so still trying to get to grips with many of the features.We use WFM to produce our invoices and mark them as sent from here.
CLUSTER 726
So I have no choice but to delete the repeating invoice and then reinstate it when I want it to resume.
Can someone elaborate as to what Electronic Services are not available in Colorado for payroll?
Currently it will bring up a list of all jobs and can actually assign to everything.
CLUSTER 729
There is little on the sheet to tell me whether items are assets, expense or such but I have managed to figure out the more obvious ones.She has however a number of accounts which deal with cost of equipment and the depreciation which I would like to know how best to transfer them to xero chart of accounts.
But the "Current" tab does show the next scheduled Direct Deposit.Lastly, under Payroll > Taxes and Filings, based ont the amounts, the Federal and State tax totals are still taking into account that original, voided payrun.So, I'm beyond confused.
CLUSTER 733
We had not been intending to enter any transactions prior to the accounting start date, so am not sure if we need to do this with a Conversion Balance or something else.
Some of the older generation are unaware that the 3 dots equates to a menu or more details.However, it is not like there are a lot of reports.
I understand you are planning to do so in a few months time, but why remove the existing timer in the meantime?Please bring back the timer!
See ZenPayroll's process for an example: employees receive an invite, log in and set up their password, then add all the key info on their own.
However this way wont it effect reports etc as will show on the accounts, where really it never happened?Does that make sense?
When I add notes to an invoice (usually following up on outstanding payments) I use the "TAB" key out of habit to move to the next field.
CLUSTER 737
As such, the idea was to set them up each as a bank account.
The problem is definitely coming from Xero.
CLUSTER 741
Now the bank account needs to reconcile this £5000 in Xero and I am unsure how to do this.I can see I can raise an invoice from myself to the company and pay this invoice from the DLA which would result in the DLA being overdrawn by £5000 which is correct.
Here is the question: if I sell widget A out of my "Unallocated Inventory" account for $2 and I know my COGS is $1 then I'd love to easily record a $1 COGS charge when I sell that item even though it is untracked.
HiI need to extract weekly sales revenue for the past two years in order to look at seasonal cycles.Monthly seems to be all that I can do.Any ideas?Cheers,Seb
I will finish my Bachelor's in Accounting next year then on to a Masters as I am planning on sitting for the CPA.Here is my issue, I am very knowledgeable in accounting and bookkeeping but I have no idea how exactly one can do books for multiple companies?
I am just putting an idea out there and am not sure if Xero already has this but I am hoping Xero has some kind of client code to make searching for clients faster and being able to identify clients with the same names easier.
This is a very basic request and one that is likely to be affecting everyone to one degree or another.When sending an invoice via email, the email message field always appears blank.
I'm happy to pay I just need to get to the bottom of my issues which are mainly around Sales VAT into the EU at 20% which isn't supported in Xero, but I have to separate this out on my VAT return.Any names or contacts would be appreciated.
Is it possible to print Payslips for an employee from multiple pay runs at once?I have a client who wants payslips for the last 3 months for one of his staff who needs them for a bank loan.
CLUSTER 746
I am not worried if the app does not integrate directly with Xero, but am looking for the best App to use.
Even though a few cents are not important at all but it may leave a bad taste in the heart of our clients.
And is it also possible to add an indicator that will tell if the invite has already been sent to the employee.
Then we were able to run reports only for the current month, but you couldn't change dates or do any drill down activity.
I would like to run individual supplier/customer reports detailing when an invoice was paid.
I can print the hours through a report in payroll but unable to see anywhere I can print the materials.
CLUSTER 747
HiWe use cash accounting for VAT.We received an invoice which has been paid by a third party (being treated as a loan).How/when can we claim the input VAT back on this as technically the invoice has been paid?The system doesn't drag the VAT through to be reclaimed because cash accounting is selected.
And of course its another reason then to get rid of Accountants Office.I'm sure that if you think about this it would not that hard to code but offer the user a much better and more productive interface to yet another end of the compliance redtape that you have to do.
This will show up on your balance sheet because you exchanged one current asset with the other, but it won't show up on your P&L.The following page from HMRC (UK tax office) shows a trading account which is first section of a detailed Profit and Loss account.
What this means is that for a monthly pay calendar, the number of working days each month can change and the hours automatically included in the leave applications may not be what you expect.If this does not suit your business needs, when you enter a leave application you will need to manually adjust the number of hours to reflect what you would like processed ie.
I am experiencing technical problems setting up SMP for an employee with one of my clients.So far it has still not been resolved so we had to use the old payroll software to process the salaries, which is far from ideal.I know that figures have to be input manually, but cannot even do this!Is anyone else suffering from these issues?I am sure Xero will sort it out but not a good start
CLUSTER 756
I have read the other threads on this topic but still slightly confused.
i had to use my personal credit cards to make the purchases.
Find and Match just says it can't find any bills to match.
CLUSTER 757
I never applied the invoices to the payment, but now I have a credit posted back to my bank account.
Please make it happen.It's only another 2 clicks, but it's annoying that there is no consistency between modules.
I want columns in the layout for Activity, but I want the whole report filtered for a particular Source.
I have a Credit note that has published from Receipt Bank, I wish to allocate this against an unpaid invoice.
I am unable to mark them as paid or reconcile them with a bank feed line item of the IRS payment.
My problem is that our staff have different hourly rates for the work they do, a weekday rate and a weekend rate.
CLUSTER 759
But what I see  is that when you commit to such a worth while cause and knowing there are so many people living on the street with out food and shelter in the atrocious weather conditions we have been having that my own issues pail into insignificance.The fact of the matter is that unfortunately my own ill health has repeatedly prevented me from spreading the word and drumming up the support and sponsorship I need to achieve my gaol ….. until tonight!Yes I know its after 1: 06am in the wee hours of the morning but this is important and my plea to you is simple ………"Please, please, please ….
Hi,I want to add a new user to access mz XERO account, but the access options are helping me.This new user should be able to read only sales invoices.In xero I have two options....Read Only - where the user can read the whole account including my bank feeds (not something I want)Sales Invoice Only - where the user can not only read the sales invoices, but create and edit existing ones too.What I need?
Our company is just changing over from MYOB to Xero with Simpro add on.Question:  If the card details for the customers, suppliers and employees are entered into Simpro first do they transfer over into Xero when we do an integration, therefore negating the data entry into Xero aslo.Has anyone transferred the chart of accounts data over from MYOB to Xero - I have seen the process of entering the information into an excel CVS format file and then uploading but question is do you have to actually enter the data into the excel CVS file first?Any help greatly appreciated.A bit confusedSonia
CLUSTER 764
As an example, we sent an invoice for some goods to a customer in Fiji with an amount for £240, but when I have come to reconcile the amount today in our Sterling account the amount was £15 less than the invoice.And again tonight I have noticed another one.
I understand that I can create an additional account in Xero with all the costs detailed however, all payments are made from the current account.How do I reconcile the monthly payments reducing the total on the credit card account with payments from the current account.
Unfortunately the best way we have found is to use the supplier invoice report but this brings up all invoices in a set period, with no ability to filter by contact.The workaround for us was to copy and paste from the report screen, but this obviously isn't ideal.
This I know seems hyper critical, but I setup dozens of companies a quarter and am still perplexed as to how long it takes me to find a timezone in the US!My suggestion is to set the time zone automatically based on the address entered.
I would like to see tracking on each invoice line a mandatory field (when tracking is used) as this has caused a lot of extra work when clients enter all their invoices and skip the tracking field.
This would help serve as a reminder for clients to show that they haven't processed their pays correctly.One of the main issues we are having is that they are processing pay runs and then they aren't processing the pay run invoices properly.thanks
CLUSTER 767
Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee that the recipients are receiving them correctly.
When i save my payments in a batch they are ordered by contact name.
One of the invoices we pay at the time is the "Duty" and "VAT".
CLUSTER 772
Please devise a system that removes the need for me to download bills from Xero and send to Receipts Bank.
I'm wondering if I adjust the term deposit amount or do I need to enter a transaction in for the interest amount?Many thanks for any advice.
CLUSTER 776
It would be very handy and I would imagine easy to implement that an email is sent from Xero to a nominated email address on the day a bill is due to serve as a reminder.
)^^ credit card payment initiated by our AP departmentno suffix = payment by bank cheque initiated by our AP departmentWe can create a list of ACH vendors quickly by searching for the term @@ in the bills list.
CLUSTER 777
This report shows the opening and closing accounts balances, as an option.Can we also please get the option to display balances at the transaction levelThe intervals to be:NoneEntryDayWeek4-weeklyMonthlyQuarterlyHalf yearlyYearlyThis will save a lot of time in downloading to Excel and adding formulae at the transaction level when we want to see the balances at key points within the selected date range, which is practically every time the report is run.Thanks!
The other option I could do is to create groups for my Xero Medium clients and my Xero Large clients and use the Invoice to a Contact Group option to send out invoices each month but I would need to remember to do it each month.What I would like is to be able to set up just two repeating invoices.
CLUSTER 780
For example, Vat Report instead of Sales Tax Report, and possibly a few others like Creditors instead of Accounts Payables.The Sales Tax  to Vat heading is more important though.When the guys have nothing else to do!
This means that I have to delete this every time I'm searching for a transaction older than this, or when i'm searching for a transaction I don't know the date of.It has never defaulted to anything before, and never happened before.Is anyone else getting this problem?
CLUSTER 797
Normally you can just run a cash P&L, but Xero doesn't seem to have one.
It seems that Xero has a template which you can put the fields which correlate to the space provided.
I am looking at moving to Xero, but only if I can get an inventory add-on that works for us.
CLUSTER 799
Hi all,I'm in the process of importing all of our inventory items into Xero to do away with an inventory add-on, seeing as the Xero inventory now does what we need it to, and after preparing the template file as per the instructions, when I try to upload it gives me an error message for every line saying "630 is not an inventory account" or words to that effect.
Out of the box it shows this month, 3 previous months and a YTD figure.What I'd like to see is all months in a date range - so 12 months starting from the first month in the financial year, but I can't see an obvious way of doing this.Obviously some months will be blank, but I do have forward dated supplier and sales invoices which would/should show up.Anyone else done this?Simon
CLUSTER 801
Each payment comes through, one at a time, minus the collection charge.
When the Payroll activity statement is printed, it should add the employees name
Before that date, I can download PDF's of the statements, but nothing that I can just automatically import.What should I do?
And if isn't supposed to match...what does the "Statement Balance" in Xero meant to convey?
I've used the Unpaid Leave type which just keeps accruing in the negative.
CLUSTER 802
A number of accountancy firms have praised XERO highly, but I'd like to speak to actual users,(as opposed to users in accountancy firms, if there's anyone out there willing to take a phone call.We are considering changing from Sage to XERO and in order to make an informed decision, if we could speak to a day to day user of the Xero package(s) that would be appreciated.Anyone willing to help?Thanks,Tom094 9024000tom@pamex.ie
We are thinking that we finish the old vat return in our previous software and duplicate the data into xero for the sake of the year end, but how would we go able telling xero that we dont need to provide a return in it untill 01/02/2016?RegardsJon
{"message":"Consumer is not authorized to access %resources","parameters":{"resources":"Magento_Sales::sales"},"trace":"#0 Setting up the connection seems to have worked as it had no issue getting the token but I am unable to download any orders.I have tried admin role and set up a custom role in Magento for the user but still no luck, any suggestions?
CLUSTER 804
Once the Family Trust Election has been made or inputted into a return, it should be rolled over with the other data that is rolled over - when that option is taken.The same goes for Interposed Entity Elections.This would save processing time of returns.
I have several clients that have purchases that are paid according to their tracking category and it is a bit of a pain to open each invoice to see where it is tracked to and then determine if it is payable with the monthly statement.
CLUSTER 807
We want to extract the clients that has purchased this specific product from us in 2015 and send them a email to remind them it is time to replace this item.
Is it possible to generate a report showing which account the bank transactions have been posted to?We have credit card statements that are input by another employee.
Also, since I carry very little inventory, I don't account separately for inventory and opt to enter them on sales when sold.How does such an approach sound?
Currently the cash is sitting in the petty cash account, but there is also a payment into our bank account, so what would be the correct way of reconciling this?
One thing that bugs me about running reports in Xero, is that the report date always defaults to the date the report is being run ie.
My question is, how should I treat money paid from the director's personal bank account for business expenses before he set up the business bank account.
I am just about to do my first VAT Return, but am aware that I can claim the VAT back on some purchases that I made before I was VAT registered, however I can not see how to do this in Xero.
I can't get my head around this- I transfer to a savings account and reconcile them together, If i transfer the money back for expenses then that income has been accounted for.
and they are all pretty self-explanatory.Is there something above and beyond what's listed in the help docs that any of these accountants or programs are doing that is not already detailed in the help docs?
The dollar box had the correct amount written in numerals ($110) and this amount ($110) was deposited immediately into our checking account account.
In effect, the 2nd payment into the sales ledger and the payment out of the expense/purchase ledger cancel each other out...all good until you come to bank reconciliation.
And on that Bill I would code the stock purchase to my Stock on Hand account.But since I don't actually have that stock 'on hand' I am not sure if that is correct.
HiI'm new to xero having just started my business and now I am starting to make sales I want to make sure I am doing the accounting treatment right.
Does anyone know how I can apply the payment made by credit card to an open invoice, when it has been deposited with other credit card payments as one?
I understand the benefit that our accountant can log in at any time but at the moment that's the only benefit I see.As a Sage user, Xero makes Zero sense to me.
(Cost of hiring was $16).Also, I have a customer that paid their invoice twice, so I refunded them the second payment - how do I reconcile that deposit and debit?
Due to not being able to bank often, I do a 'goods payment' through my point of sale that allows me to make payments using cash from the till.
The end of the report shows $25,433.76 for Closing Balance.Go to Reports > Balance Sheet > December 2015.
All good.But now that the bank statement has updated with the credit, how do I make this a 'credit note' or similar to correspond with the original invoice?Any help appreciated.
We're looking to get more clients onto Xero but want to let them have access to the free trial so that they can take a look at the software before we sign them up on it.
It's a very simple issue and a very simple fix for Xero, but with all the change requests they get I doubt very much whether it will ever get implemented.
If it is an existing Contact, it is great now that the contact details come up on the screen, but is it possible to link directly to the Contact, so contact details can be updated?
I have multiple clients who like to manually add a payment/receipt to an invoice or a bill instead of matching it to the bank statement line.
Hi I like the new Transaction Report that allows you to select the fields, it is useful for us to be able to produce our own reports off line.
Telling us to toss the check stock that we have into the garbage and buy new checks that work with your proprietary locations is terribly wasteful.
Is it possible to have the new reporting features extended to be able to provide a sales by customer report that is able to be filtered by tracking category??
I understand currently we cannot search within the payroll fields but can you please turn on the search icon and "/" whilst in the payroll menu.
Hi Team, This is not a deal breaker, nor of any priority, but there are some clients, here in sunny South Africa, who would rather have different headings on their reports.
When I create a detail report for AP or AR invoices, the amount is shown in the currency the invoice has been created, without stating the currency itself.
I then later transfer that to USD and apply against my USD receipts.This is not a very clean method, but it works and it maintains a reasonably applied exchange rate.
I would like to request that when merging two organisations together, the contact information is merged as well as the account activity information.
I work for a NZ non-profit which needs to comply with the new accounting standards which came into force 1 APRIL 2015.
Is there an option so that when the customer clicks the accept button we get notified via email but it doesn't change the quote to accepted until we are ready to do it manually.
It is possible to store multiple email addresses in the Xero contact for the supplier, but it is not currently possible to default which email is used for each function.
Sometime items are deleted and/or added to our repeating bills - can change the sequence or order of what is represented on the bill/invoice received from a supplier.
Also when I go to remove the primary email address and start typing the person I want the email to go to it doesn't auto complete.
One of our customers raised a valid point that when we send our statement (usually Outstanding basis), the PDF is titled 'outstanding statement'.
Hi,I might be lazy and maybe forgetful too...and it is in the interest of lazy forgetful people everywhere that i query this.What are the chances of having monthly trans.
Hi, When I change the email address on a contact I totally expected that it would change the email address that is used for all correspondence with this person.
As the online nature of the data makes it difficult to lock down the data that is being audited, to ensure that changes are not made during the course of the audit work.
It is quite frustrating that you can only allocate it to a sale but not actually email or print it for the clientIf there is a work around for this I would appreciate knowing how to do it!Thanks
While in Australian terms that $1000 is genuinely worth $999 as a result of the market fluctuation, I still have $1000 sitting physically in the account.
Is it possible to add a code in the description field that will reflect this and not reflect the month the invoice is generated "MONTH+1"  as a crude example?
When I click on the "Email" button, a pop-up page shows up with the title "Send Invoice" and the loading animation begins but never ends.
Also wanted to become certified as more clients are switching to Xero but am unable to that as well.My clients have the business edition - not the partner edition.
But it wont let you split reconcile an 800 outgoing payment against a 200 invoice nor a 600 incoming credit to a bill so that's out the window.
Because currency is a required field I am surprised that I can't seem to find a report that allows me to split sales out.Hoping that I'm just not seeing/using a report that can do this for me.
3 January transactions, are showing after March, instead of with the other January transactions of the same year...How do I alert Xero to this problem, and ask them for a fix?
The plan is at the end of the year to add this account with the other recorded sales tax (when I do use a rate for inclusive/exclusive) and get the total.
Surely I don't need to adjust every transaction?The transfers to the bank don't reference the fees and the import doesn't list them separately...Thank you!Lucy
Time to check if it is still the best option.Has anyone used www.paystation.co.nz in conjunction with Xero.Cheers
Hi there, I produced a management report from Xero every month and as I did it for the end of July, I have noticed that my retained earning figure has changed.
Appreciate that you may want to hear regular updates from us - but that gets harder the more requests we get, and we don't want to repeat the same message.
I am trying to import a CSV of 596 sales invoices however when I try to import it Xero tells me there is only 540 invoices and no errors.
I've tried editing the .csv file and reversing the sign on the purchase amount column but it still imported all the expenditures as credits on import.
However from the in box if I click on the cog wheel and choose Spend Money it attaches the document to the transaction but does not delete the document from the In Box.
Allow us to send to different delivery addresses for one customer instead of having to change the postal address every time4.
Instead of investing so much in marketing, can you spend a little in R&D to help your existing loyal customers, please?Thank you in advanceRegardsNeil
I'm sure that the figures are probably correct but could someone please explain to me why these figures would / could change after the month has passed?
How do i convert/add the items on this Purchase Order to Inventory?Surely I don't have to manually add each item to Inventory?Thanks in advance!Anthony
I have bank feeds set up on my Xero account from HSBC but there doesn't appear to be a bank feed refresh option and they don't appear to be refreshing regularly at all.
I've asked for a call from Xero, but I'm not holding much hope.Does anyone know a UK advisor I can speak to to getting some help on the phone.
I have a couple of ideas but not sure if those are the best ways to deal with it and if anyone knows a little secret trick to help a Girl in need :)
It’d be great if it was possible to store the minutes of board meetings, AGMs, EGMs etcetera in Xero, rather than having to put them somewhere else.
At present i use re occurring invoices in Xero - but it's a manual process to check whether it's been paid, and whether i should subsequently renew the service.
I want the exact amounts to sit there waiting to clear as it is my check that the right amount is clearing the bank.Thanks very much in advance!
We had an item change SKUs in an external system, so there are two Inventory Item records in Xero for the same item but with different Item Codes.
However, we do carry some items in stock and we would love to have all of our items in our Xero inventory so that the information could be added to the invoice automatically.
I have set the Leave Type to accrue at the appropriate rate but payslip and the staff leave report does not show the new employees entitlements.
40 hrs weekly x 4 = 160 )hours in a fortnightly pay period - 80 Are these settings correct please?
If we don't already use the payroll system can I still enter employees and use auto super without paying them through the payroll system?
We created our report and have received our email from Xero telling us that the payment authorisation code has been sent by text .. but we are not getting the texts.
I can see the "ordinary earning rate" with a drop down next to it, but when I click on the drop down, nothing happens, so I can't select the ordinary earning rate.
We are currently paying our employees are on a weekly basis, but wish to convert to fortnightly at the beginning of the new FY.I am trying to ascertain how to do this please?
It doesn't matter what figures I try, I can't get it to generate correctly in accordance with Fair Work (what they are actually entitled to) Can anyone please help?
Why isn't available to select?To get around this for the time being I have created a replica account "804 Wages Payable New" but is there something I have missed?
In my previous accounting system I was able to record a 'location' against every timesheet item as well as every paycheque item (such as bonuses).
I have an employee who works part time 38 weeks of the year and takes 12 weeks of annual leave which is mostly unpaid.
I realized this after I ran payroll, and noticed the expenses going into the wages and salary expense account instead of the tax expense account.
When one company mentioned it we figured it was an isolated problem, but when four more companies reported it today I suspect it is a much larger problem.
This is the error message that we received: Value '000000T' doesn't have the correct formatElement 'TaxCode' must only have valid text as its contentThanks in advance,Chris
I have tried going in via Reports tab and All Reports but end up getting nothing on the page & the tab at the top turns white!!
very stuck at the mo so some help would be great looked at all the vids can set all the stuff up but this is realy stumping me can anyone help pleeesssseee
However, I'm unsure as to how this will result in her being paid for the additional remaining holidays she is owed, rather than just using days she has already worked as holidays?
All down to one thing - the woeful implementation of Payroll for UK companies.In my experience "Scheduled" means that something will happen at a defined date.
HiI was wondering how do I process a bonus payrun (paid monthly after the ordinary pay has been paid).Payroll is paid once per month.
However as March is the final payroll and April will be the start of new one is there a report that will give me the p60 details to manually complete.
This seems  ridiculous to me that Xero has no report showing opening balances at all, with all of this in mind I think the  year end might me a very stressful one.
Last month they had 2 days holiday, which was entered via the time off section, xero decremented the remaining balance correctly.
Tax calcs work perfectly, but NI EEs and ERs calculated on the &#163;5,000 not the &#163;4,800.
This is the amount that appears on the draft payslipI can obviously manually override it and put in the correct rates and Salary but that kind of defeats the purpose.
You are correct in saying that the IRD amount would not be due to the IRD in the August period (as this is based on payment date) but this does not affect that there is a liability.
Xero took forever to log in, then when reviewing bank reconciliation, move to next page also takes a long time.
Any tips?A set of easy-to-use business management software tools that will help you manage your business workflow more efficiently and effectively.
My wife does the beekeeping as well as managing domains and Google apps licenses as well as subscription services like backup and AV.
I've recently switched over to Workflow Max, there is something that seems fairly easy but I don't think it exists.On the left, a list of "My Jobs" appears.
Both of these are being automatically updated with invoices & payments by iZettle.However I can't reconcile against these transactions as they won't appear in search results (possibly because they already have payments against them).
Similar to Receipt Bank, I'd like to have this process for all orders:* Order are emailed to the App, it gets processed and then be ready for a quick review.
Hi Anyone knows or recommend an invoicing add on which can support the below:1: Large amount of info in invoice, e.g.
I saw the Google Apps & Xero announcement but when I went to the Xero Add On Marketplace it gives me a link to Google Apps Trial.
However, the problem is that when I search that product in item inventory, this product's description shows weird html codes with incorrect info.
What we want to do next is have add on/s that creates invoices from our on-line sales from our website that then links into Xero using Paypal as the POS.2.
Now I'm getting the hang of it but I'm sure there are ways to make things work quicker within it to keep on task with jobs.Any ideas people?
Surely a filter can be used here just to show correct contacts, In general, just from the first few minutes, its clear a lot of work and UAT is needed.
You are going to have a hell of a time keeping customers and growing if you cannot support your technology.No phone number is a clear indicator it is not a priority.
I have asked for advice from support team and have received email reply of, within in the next 24 hours unless they notice it is urgent.
This just happened after my first 2 hours of using your software:"SSL connection errorHide detailsUnable to make a secure connection to the server.
Shouldn't the quote reference be in a completely different field?Perhaps I'm not doing it right as it was my first conversion, but initially it seems that the double handling is a hassle.
When I create invoices, the city field of my clients' addresses appears in all caps, even though they're formatted correctly in the contact info.
But this morning I went back to the clients file to see everything being imported again from 07/11/2013 to 31/01/2014.
I'm either paralyzed to do anything in my customers' books, or I need to contact each customer and have them deactivate their bank logins so I can set them up and control the refresh.
CLUSTER 809
I realise we need to report the sales on our VAT return (box 6), but I am a little confused as to exactly which Tax Code to use to show this.
It is a painful experience.Ensure when you release the Purchase Orders - whenever that will be - that the access is broken apart so staff can access these only (not bills or whatever you call it now) along with the invoice only.
It has actually added a significant amount of time to my day by having to hover over with the mouse, select and delete each line.Is anyone else experiencing this issue?
CLUSTER 810
So currently in Xero I have a bunch of sales invoices that look way overdue, but actually aren't, it's just that the retailer holding the item hasn't sold it yet.
When all is said and done I plan on invoicing the customer and referencing these transactions, and then (I assume) Xero would be able to figure out the gross profit of the overall transaction.
I reconcile the invoice with the payment received from Stripe ($142.16), and I adjust the payment for 'bank fees' ($2.84) to cover Stripe's fees.
I've also put the address in the Description part of the invoice but that doesn't show either.Can anyone come up with any idea as to how I can get this information to the customer.
One I can think of is to delete the bank transaction and bring it back as a couple (one for each currency) but something more elegant would be preferable.ThanksTim
I am pretty sure I owe this money to the tax man but Xero doesn't seem to think so.I suspect it's something to do with the way that I've coded the expenses in the first place.
No matter where I go I cannot get back to the page where I added the column so I can edit/delete it.I would presume it is the theme but that doesn't seem to be it.
My partner is a screenprinter, so purchases clothing requested by clients from suppliers (GST included) and then screen prints the garments and sells them onto the clients.
It would be fery useful to be able to include the Description as one of the field on the report so that I don't have to cross reference to find out what an invoice is for?ThanksMike
As the chart of accounts does not have a "debtors" account type but only "current assets" and "bank" it means the balance sheet will always show debtors as zero.
We run an Agriculture enterprise and need to have our ordinary hours taxed as per the attached schedule for our Crop Farm Workers (13%).
The payments are showing are showing on invoice as always but doesnt pickthem up when trying to reconcile bank credits.Anyone had/having this problem?
CLUSTER 811
It always says "apply rule" and won't do it on its own.I have done this in the past I think, but am getting stuck.Any help greatly appreciated.thank you.matt
I am pretty useless when it comes to accounting software and had heard so many good things about Xero that I said id give it a proper go.
The asset it will be paid from is actually the money already in the bank account (i.e owner’s fund)and it is not in the equity account, rather as a liability.
Unlike Purchase orders and Invoices we have to mark as sent before we push the print button (and if the internet is slow it is just another unnecessary click).3.
I am in Sales and want to follow up outstanding invoices however when I click the Send Statements button it shows a fully paid invoice as "outstanding".
Hello,I could really use some advise.Our wages are currently outsourced to a bookkeeper and my employer wants to bring them in house from the new tax year.
CLUSTER 821
I have chosen:  Amounts Are: Tax ExclusiveI have then chosen everything in the Tax Rate Column but the GST part doesn't increase the required $33.00.I'm new to Xero and bookkeeping in general so forgive a newbie please.
This default can be overridden, to pay the actual hours for the month, but some users would like each monthly pay to default to the actual hours rather than the average hours.Is this a common requirement?
My question therefore is that if Xero sees in week 2 that the amounts paid in week 1 are slightly incorrect, will it effectively balance the figures in week 2 by ensuring the amount of tax paid after the week 2 pay run is correct?Hope this is clear!
CLUSTER 826
This happens on most of my quotes - after saving the quote sometimes they reappear, but not consistently.
Tracking on Payrun is really essential if you are tracking expenses by department.
I just noticed this today after almost paying a vendor twice for the same bill.
CLUSTER 831
The monthly current account statement is also emailed out as a PDF.When they start operations, each franchisee sets up a weekly AP for a fixed amount to be credited to their current account with the RF.
The monthly current account statement is also emailed out as a PDF.When they start operations, each franchisee sets up a weekly AP for a fixed amount to be credited to their current account with the RF.
XERO solution - change the date of the invoice to the 1st of the next vat period- to my knowledge and from attending several Vat audits it is illegal to alter an Invoice?
CLUSTER 832
When customers pay us they always put the invoice number in the bank details but Xero never manages to match the invoice number to the outstanding invoice and I have to go and find and match the invoice.Is there something wrong with my settings?
I would have thought that -like CODA, Xero would have alerted or blocked the invoice from entering into a previous year which had been closed off instead it just accepted it.It is very easy when entering data to enter the incorrect information including the date so maybe this is something that could be addressed.
CLUSTER 834
I followed the forum posts and set up the account code and put through as credit notes but I'm told this isn't what they want.
We want to start January 2017 for all of our accounts using the ending balances from December 31 2016.
I am with xero since 2011.  what they are asking is pulling out all bank statement from 2011 to find the fault my self.
Xero does not pick up the bank name and open up the connection so I can enter my account details.Am I doing something wrong?
He has a purchase ledger account but it won't let me post another payment to the account as just a payment not allocated to any invoice?
In checking though the accounts, I noticed that all accounts were reconciled apart from the credit card (CC) account.
The client converted from MYOB to Xero/Dear and is having problems using the file and basically needing some training.
We are barely making money yet, and it's growing, but we still buy a lot of the goods, equipment, etc.
But I am struggling to enter this payment against the invoice of £102k so that it allocates against all of the VAT.Any suggestions gratefully received.ThanksRob
When someone buys the game, the portal gets the money and pays me my rev share (is this considered a royalty?).
In Xero it doesn't seem easy to add a new line to an invoice that's been marked as fully paid.Thoughts?
I usually take customer deposits via the bank, which feeds into Xero and I reconcile the income to Sales.
When I purchase these items from a supplier  how do I allocate it to a customer's job (the job number is normally the customers PO)?
Hi All,I have a Company which receives all the income into one account, this income is derived from 5 different contractors.
I only get this option if I setup a new Fixed Asset account, which I'd prefer NOT to do.Any help would be appreciated.
When I record a Purchase Order and turn into a Billed status, that is when the Item is automatically entered into Inventory as received.
The bank feed will show these as current year transactions but obv we want these to show in last year's.
My question is do we use a new account for tracking and accounting for this in Xero or should we be using the general GST account.
I want to run a bank rule that will put all transactions into the same GL account, without having to do any manual reconciling.
What I need to do now is apply other payable invoices against that deposit and then reconcile the remaining balance against a credit the supplier issued?
But the invoices still appear as income in my reports.How can I properly record that loss without it showing as income?
from Xero for the Xero accounting software) I am required to calculate a 25% Sales Tax which I can immediately deduct.
What account should it be paid from as the company is not making a profit yet but needs to give back some of the capital i.e.
Munging them all in to expense claims under the single 'Direct expenses' account seems to lose reporting fidelity.
Obviously would prefer the simplest solution (xe.com) but pointless if the CRA isn't going to accept.
I want to be able to show suppliers that I have used a credit note and to which invoice I have applied that too when I do a batch payment.
I have imported the last 6 months of open invoices from MYOB but this still won't give me a true reflection.
The buyer sent the $200 purchase payment to my business account and now I would like to reconcile that payment.
I require an inventory management system to keep track of my stock and easily enter stock when it is purchased.
At the moment, when I create a new invoice the invoice number might be something like "INV-0005".
I did submit it as a request myself but there are so many that it soon disappears off the page and goes unnoticed.I so wish they would sort this.
The balance sheet report shouldn't default to the prior year-end like it does now, but rather to the current date.
When updating a contact have the option to change all previously issued sales invoices/purchase invoices or update from now.
I would just like to be able to log in as them to say with 100% conviction that the problem is because of something their end not with the softwareThanks
Is it just me or can you not use the tab button to tab from subject line and the details box when issuing a support request?
Our Product Team do consider feedback and votes alongside other factors when deciding on features to develop next.
Hi, I'd like to be able to check each invoice reminders before they go out automatically and give the OK for it to be emailed.
Suggestion of allowing the "Add Payment" having a drop down to allow for "Pay and make another payment" or similar.
We prefer to spend time adding value to the client business, not finding and recoding line transactions for them.
Currently it is showing the bank account nickname (useful), as well as the account number (not that useful for me at least).
However on Xero touch the invoice currency has to be GBP for our GBP account to be able to reconcile the transaction.Why is this?
I had to delete all the draft bills created, make changes to the repeating bill, and now I'm stuck with no way to regenerate them.
We have set up petty cash accounts to balance our weeks bankings and petty cash spend against our sales.
from balance sheet to financial position, those changes do not flow over to the "management reports" or "year end reports".
I've just seen the Payroll / Overview page a calendar which shows the upcoming leave and pay runs etc.
Xero does not allow us to apply credits against any of the branches - it will only allow the credit to be applied to the branch it was issued to.
I'd like it if when a quote is opened on a mobile device from the link sent the company logo appears on the top.
This is something my smaller clients struggle with as they think the transactions have been auto coded from the transaction rules.Thanks
Personally I'd like to hear everything my clients say about my business, that way I can always improve on my service.
up to certain date before the statement date, they have to manually calculate the total amount to pay.ThanksDelta Li
When I enter a bill to a supplier that has a credit already allocated to it, I'm then asked if I want to allocate the credit to the bill.
Our client is required to prepare a budget for the next 3 years (not including the current financial year).
Can we have the option to default the calendar pop-up to display Monday to Sunday instead of the default Sunday to Saturday.
The balance sheet report does not currently include a net current assets total, which needs to be included.
At the moment it just says View PDF which isn't really an elegant solution and defeats the purpose of having the online page!
one of the words would be "HOLD"  or "STOP" which would encourage staff to read the notes to find out why.
there really needs to be an option to reconcile an invoice by selecting multiple transactions when reconciling bank transactions.
Also, when importing contacts from a csv file, if it were possible to tell which group(s) to add the contacts to when uploading.
Xero payroll can't calculate this because for a casual employee days or hours per week is set to 0.
Hope Xero and everyone else can contribute ideas to make it happen!Many thanks.Priscilla
I don't want to go to the effort of doing a new COA using this format for it not to work and have to reverse my changes.Thanks
A spot check of a dozen other banks listed in the beta feed all show up when I search for them in Account Settings.
I have started using Tracking and am continually forgetting to select a specific tracking account when posting each transaction.
In the profit and loss page under compare periods, I'd like to have a feature which I can view or select 2 or more branches.
I get 2 automatic statements each day in Xero and i would like to delete them all from the beginning of this year.
Is it right that I've been putting all our sales as no VAT pre the registration date?Any more tips for me before I make the big switch?
We are new to Xero and we bank with Metro.The automated feed is not working ( i think this is metro bank issues).
From last month, I can't use my email address to login in Xero, once I login, it shows a demo company.
We need to have a way we can merge these clients together and bring all the information into the one client left in the system.
When I run a P & L report a portion of the current years profits is appearing under retained profits.
All the button seem to lead to editing the members of a group but not allowing me to edit the name of the group as a whole.
The line items on the receipt are for $USD38/ea plus shipping, but I have an online discount code for ($USD28).
December 2015 the accounts were all good and then from January through to now the cost of goods sold accounts have ended up in the negative.
inventory item = $10, but I want to split the $10 across more than one account?Cheers,Simon
If your last reconciliation is 30 December 2015 - that is what show as the "date" next time you are in the Reconciliation screen.
We can create the 3 departmental budgets but we're struggling to get them to come together into an overall Company budget.
I am an accountant I create account for our subsidiary company in Philippines, we try one month, the all data were set up.
But what account do I use for the percentage that is not being claimed (since this has already been paid through a personal account and I don't need to reimburse myself for any of it?)
I am with Santander in the UK, is anyone else having this issue?It just keeps saying that there is a problem with the feed and to try again later.
I have tried doing an automatic feed but there are too many transactions, especially as every fee shows up as an individual transaction too.
Given that 1Password is massively popular, it would be great if this could be made compatible on this feature of the system.
It would be good to know if this is resolvable as it will make life a lot easier when reconciling specific items.
Basically I'm trying to invite our employees to start using the payroll section so they can get access to their payslips.
HiI have exported a cvs of my bank fees but when I import they are shown as a credit, how to I change these to debits?Thanks
I'm not even sure I can undo all the individual changes to get back to the default.Thank you in advance for any adviceJane
I am aware of the exclude late claims check box but there are a few late claims that are actually relevant to the return.
Does Xero have the ability to to attach further files to an invoice when you email the invoice out of Xero so the recipient receives that attachment?
i click 'email' but it ONLY gives me the option to send the Sales invoice: basic email template.where's the others?
The inability to paste in a date is annoying when doing bulk processing involving the repetitive use of one date.
There doesn't seem to be any pattern to this, most are there and working correctly but I have about 30-40 that are not showing up.Am I missing something?Thanks in advanceDave
Hi all,I am preparing the payment summaries but when I extract the payment summaries, all the Gross Payments for employees are under "type S".
However is there a quick way to do all of them together as at the moment, I have to click OK on each individual transaction to allow it to be reconciled.
Do you change the bill to reflect the amount that came in, does the remainder of the outstanding PO remain as a PO in the system?
I see some complaints about using Payee = Blank but even if I set the value, I don't get an automatic match.
Doing this for a second client will not take nearly as long as it did the first time, but it still will take a very long time.
Is that because we haven't finished setting up our company/Xero completely online, and if that's the case, I assume it will then display everything once that's done ?
Updating the Quantity in the app from "1" to "1" fixes it up but that is pretty unintuitive.Hopefully this is a small bugfix.
This adjustment is messing up my income statement by tracking category as it doesn't tie to my income statement total.How can I fix this?
If they pay by eftpos this does not seem possible - as the days eftpos transactions can only be split out by description and account when doing the reconciliation.
When I setup my business I filled in the Registered Office details with address where my company is registered (which is my accountants address).
The problem is that it would not be worth me signing up for 4 different subscriptions, but it would be good to use Xero for all of them.
I use the "Reference" tab for the supplier's invoice number, but I have nowhere to add the reference number for the invoice.
5 days at the old rate and 2 days at the new rate, but 1 timesheet for the week?
When I try and put this into Xero AU Payroll it tells I have to insert a monthly amount of leave calculated.
The hours I work each week are subject to change all the time but I would like to make the salary stay the same.
I have joined a company that has set up all its employees with a 40 hour week when in fact the employees only work 38.
Or is it better to have a previous pay period that I will pay together with the new pay period?Thanks!Greg
I have pay runs going in to the allocated accounts but what do i do with the payments on the bank statements to get my bank to balance ?
This is confusing because we sometimes have returning staff where we set up another profile - now the staff's name is showing up twice.
If standard day in firm is 7.5 hours day why does the employee have to see 8 hours?
We have a Full Time employee who has resigned as of yesterday and been paid out, but will actually now be re-employed as a Casual employee.1.
When I record the leave for one day is it recorded as 4.30 hours or 4.50 hours?
Just when I thought all the extra time caused by recent changes had come to an end, something else pops up!!
I paid the leave under the Annual leave pay item but the hours taken have not been deducted from his leave balance.
We will need to be able to somehow get the information from QB into Xero but not sure if there is way to do this via export?
Not certain I understand the point of a holiday group if it doesn't automatically pay the employee without them having to use the timesheet.
I am trying and failing to set up our workplace pension.The only option I have in the drop down pension provider box is 'Other' so I have chosen that.
Post the pay run.Once this has been done, the employees total pay updates on the payslip but not on the pay run.
Several of our clients require specific formats for payslips and this doesn't appear to be possible in Xero - is there a way round this?
We are unable to use the holiday function in payroll due to not being able to set our own holiday year dates.
Try again in a moment"I have gone away for an hour and come back, only to find, I still can't approve the timesheet.
Have they got this wrong?Xero:  As a customer I want to be able to record Holiday pay to and from the anniversary date.
Plus the pricing scheme is ridiculous for something that doesn't even really do much work and has this many problems.
The bill comes to US$6.55 which Expensify calculates as being UK£5.27.2.
handles all of the issues that you usually find with a committee running an organisation... keeping Finances is a major part of it.
They own quite a few assets (marquees/tables/chairs etc etc) which they use for the weddings style/set up.
2) When orders are sync'ed do they appear as Receive Money transactions or are we forced to create invoices for them?
He wants to be able to link the sales from the new website through to Xero to be able to reconcile the bank and paypal.
The ability to add ancillary costs to each service such as parking, printing, travel, accommodation etc.8.
Hi, I'm new to Xero and I'm currently using the trial period to see if it's going to meet my needs.
At the moment they use Haulier which doesn't link to Xero - does anyone have experience of a suitable replacement which would link?
Recurly: does it all but expensive and the Xero integration is provided by a third party and probably will be missing some things.2.
Any experienced partner for them in St George area Sydney who I may be able to send some of the project to?CheersBridgette
Print off a packing slip from Xero with customer address included that can be fixed to parcel when sent?3.
Payments via Stripe work well, however the payment does not create a "Customer" in Stripe interface.
I can chat to Xero or chat to Directli but I would really like to talk to someone who has been through the start process.
I have showed her a quick demo of Xero and she loves it but I am not sure if it can contain all the information she will need in one spot?
In Bill.Com, you can order a backup CD for ~$75 that has all the docs ever uploaded to Bill.Com.
I am looking for an iPad sales pad and catalogue app to use when meeting face to face with customers.
Its a virtual world out there, but that doesn't seem to matter with these guys, they get back to me almost immediately whenever I contact them.
In our specific case it turned out to be a 2 cents difference which I know is minor but WRONG none the less.
After what I assume was the last upgrade the Supplier Invoice does not show the related Purchase Number in the notes as it used to.
HiSince there is no way of contacting anybody except by walking into your Auckland office, I am having to use a support forum.
Is anyone else h=getting an error message when they run the AR summary in new reports.
Recently I've noticed this behaviour has reversed and the system seems to match the oldest invoice invoice to a transaction.
i did look into the conversion by a third party but they had huge bills with huge holes so they could invoice you for more later.
I am delighted that you have added voting to the forums, just when I was starting to lose a bit of faith that you were listening to the community forums.
Now that I can see those things so quickly and so directly in Xero, it really makes me think twice before buying this stuff.
CLUSTER 836
Nothing is incorrect in the VAT return, but I'm worried that HMRC may think that I'm reclaiming more VAT than I'm entitled to.Can anyone please suggest how I could get the stock purchases to show up in item 7?
So for example, do you guys do the following Run any month end reports and which and why?This may sound a little daft but I would rather ask and avoid any future issues.Thanks
when the bank says "line 57 has an issue" it is not the line 57 on the pdf as the batch puts together the suppliers with the same bank account number so it is actually supplier number 57 give or take the headings.
As you do not have the ability to be able to upload a csv file to automatically record those receipts, It would make it so much quicker if access to the client invoice list could be organised so you could keep the same page accessible after recording each receipt instead of it going back to the first page.
Fortunately I can trust them not to touch anything else, otherwise I would have to still be processing all the bills myself.It seems like an oversight that the user role that is obviously intended for an account payable user cannot access they place where most of the bills arrive!
I have just been to Accountex in London and asked the exhibitors there if ther was an easy way to enter a fuel scale charge for VAT returns.The answer was that there was a way but  haveing seen it it is not easy!The workaround, becuase that is what it is, is to create a 4 line journal, two of which lines offset in the contra account.
However, it is also preferable for the auditor log in to be read only for all areas of the software.I've found that audit clients using xero tend to send a standard user request to the audit staff member that they deal with rather than adding the audit firm as a second 'adviser'.
All the payments I receive through Stripe contain slightly different names, but all include the phrase "STRIPE TRANSFER".Is there a way that Xero can recognize the payments including the phrase "STRIPE TRANSFER" as having incorporated the fee from Stripe?
CLUSTER 837
Hi, I've had a look through the Xero website and the community discussions but I am unable to find the answer to this question.
I found a few other forum threads both here and elsewhere, but the people asking the questions are usually sole traders.
When running a reconcile of payroll payments, you currently have to create a new contact for your employee.
Hence to reconcile I have to login to stripe, match the amount to the payment and then reconcile manually.
CLUSTER 839
Acknowledging that the system has been constructed using a role based security model, implies that as an organisation a person who's security access is restricted to only inputting and submitting data would only be able to view their own data in an organisation's Xero library.
Hi Just wondering if you have a system which will allow us to enter our clients credit card details for the files that we bill to charge them by direct debit each month, similar to the way you charge our card each month for the my Xero fees for our practice.
For example:Client is a gymnastics club and there are different type of coaching hours (same pay rate but different classes eg Competitive, Recreational, Trampoling etc)  When the employee goes into the time-sheet they have to scroll through items that are not relevant to them.
I note in manual journals, there is a tax inclusive option, and GST comes up under the totals, but I can't seems to get this field to populate with the corresponding GST value attached to the expense amount I am trying to reduce.Any help would be appreciated, thank you.
For keyword select something you'll remember, I chose 'x'.Now, when I want to quickly search for a Xero contact I launch Alfred (Cmd+space bar), type 'x' and client name.
I would like to run a report on a single payroll item for a given period, but am not finding it as an option.Specifically I have a Sunday payrate, so would like to run a report detailing what the wages were that paid across all employees for a given time period.Is this possible?ThanksGordon
They were on the payroll last month.They are set up in Xero payroll as monthly pay frequency and I want to change it to weekly as from this week but it does not give me that option.Has anyone come across this who could let me know how I change it?
The out-of-the-box Vend integration did not work well for us since it is only able to source inventory from a single Store (Outlet), where we need to source from both Stores.Because of that issue i built my own custom integration.
CLUSTER 841
However, now that I have got better, I wanted to now add depreciation on these assets from when I brought them.
Which means that the credit note in entered as a credit in the specified liability account.
My bills imported fine from a CSV file, but when I 'approve' them I get the above message.
So I tried to go to each individual expense claim and enter that the expense is paid.
When I select Wages Type as "Hourly" there is an "Effective Date" field that I have to enter.
Just take a picture of your receipt, we scan it and process it to Xero.For more information, check out .
CLUSTER 842
For example, sales income for April is transferred to the bank account on 5 May, but I would like to account it for April instead of May.
HelloSorry for the noob question but what exactly happens in Xero when you click the big green Approve button on the invoice preperation screen?
Some of our customers get statements with lots of lines with invoice numbers on them, but require more details ie a simple description of the job or site.
CLUSTER 846
But there are many "Bank Transfer From" transactions that are reconciled on the cc Account transaction screen.
Can I include GST on a personal invoice to my business?If not, then how do I properly create this transaction in Xero?
Hi All,I am receiving goods from one of my suppliers and have to pay cash when the delivery is made.
integrate the 3 systems and which inventory system would be best.thank you Luke
CLUSTER 857
I am more looking for general bookkeeping/Accounting advice on this procedure, as opposed to specifics on how to do things in Xero (although that is welcome too).
On Sage I would have manually adjusted the VAT Return, but this isn't possible on Xero ...ideas anyone?Thanks,Richard
We have registered fixed assets and the problem is that these registered fixed assets do not show up in the balance sheet of management style reports.
When I tried to register fixed asset, it says that oops, something unexpected went wrong, please try again.
Hi everyoneI am taking online payments via Paypal and the bank feed shows both payment in to me and my bank fees.
As an old systems engineer in SaaS development I know this is always something being worked on but I did want to bring it to the forefront.
Is it the account number set up from employee's super fund?Do i need to add BSB number as well ?Thanks for your help
I set up an account called cheque (as I could not use the bank account) and entered all the transactions in respectably, ie.
The system will also have a calendar function which will enable meeting invitations to be sent via the email system.6.
CLUSTER 861
I have a series of cheque payments, when I select the 'Account Transactions' screen these all appear as entered OK onto the system with the unreconciled icon appearing beside each one.
There was no way to easily get a non-taxable SALES number, except to bring the report into Excel, and delete the lines that were not relevant to Sales Tax.
CLUSTER 862
When running the P & L with same period last year comparison for February 2017 I found that in 2016 it only included 1.2-28.2, but there were 29 days in February 2016 so the P & L missed a day of trading.
This is especially an issue for new clients who view the invoice on their mobile and do not realise that they are not seeing the complete invoice.As a minimum it would be really helpful if the invoice had some text explaining that this is not the full invoice and it should be viewed on a desktop.
Then when you are selecting the invoices a payment relates to allowing you to select the credit notes aswell so you can to match to the payment rather than having to go in and allocate the credit note against an invoice then going back to the bank reconciliation screen.
(Yes, it may have been a little naive to think that such an automated all-inclusive fix would have been released so quickly but oh well)Essentially, the Holiday Calendar feature will not show public holidays as separate items on the employees' payslips.
CLUSTER 865
The dates shown as outstanding in the Superannuation Payment Details relate back to the 2013 year - they have definitely been paid and the balance shown in the superannuation payable account in the balance sheet is correct.
Our UK Xero accountant may set up our US Xero subscription as we save on costs, however we need someone to handle company returns/tax liabilities and in the future payroll and perhaps bookkeeping.
Hi:Looking to move from QuickBooks 2005 & Zoho Invoices...Xero looks great but cannot find the ability to add a Bill / Purchase for a service (say printing costs) to an Invoice for a Customer.
I need to enter the PAYG Tax Withheld figure of $6102 but not sure which account to put it against?I have also made a payment of $350  which is an ATO PAYG Income Tax Instalment amount against T7 in the BAS.
CLUSTER 868
She can deposit the check and then deposit in the bank and i can link that deposit to 310 account but was trying to see if there is another way of doing this.
I am now trying to reactivate with no success.When trying to log in we have to enter the card number, access code (AC) and memorable word.
The staff member can see them but they show as declined and they can't alter them and re-submit.Is there no way to get these back?If not this needs fixing!
We would like to set up a payroll leave item for them to add when they are unavailable, just like when you would apply for annual leave.
CLUSTER 875
Can I simply take the invoices from the payment service provider and create an expense claim with them?
We would need them to be individually dated as we reconcile the till down to nil each day.Thanks
It would be great if we could have proof of whose responsibility it was when a file is left unlocked.
In addition, as Bills are now spawned from Purchase Orders, is it not logical that POs should actually be more prominent than Bills?
Currently when you bring up the accounts receivable report it is broken down into 30 day columns.
This does not give any security from someone else accessing Payroll if the computer is left unattended.
The issue I am running into is that the Find and Match does not work to reconcile in our Pay Pal account.
The Sales Order needs to be sent to/accessed by the warehouse to "pick and pack"3.
CLUSTER 876
HiMy client runs a small private airline, which ideally would like to track the income and expenses of the business PER FLIGHT.We have the tracking code set up per tail number, which works lovely.
So they sit in the inbox until I am ready to pay them.When I have physically paid each one through the bank - I move them from the inbox to a subfolder to await attachment at the bank rec stage - add detail.
CLUSTER 879
This means I have to use a spreadsheet and add up all the payments manually to find the final number for each contractor.This is something that I use all the time in different ways to look at my spending, and that natural roll up of totals doesn't seem to exist.
I've been coding wages as 814 wages payable but they're not showing up in the P&L?We have an accountant that pays our payroll independently and not through Xero so i'm just trying to reconcile it correctly from the bank statements.
CLUSTER 880
I use Mac at all my clients and all use English/ English (Australia) in their Regional Settings / Language & Region YET spelling seem to relect other than English in Xero.For example, Xero reports 'Check Paid' in the Analysis Code for Bank Statements.
Any tips?B2BGateway EDI is a Cloud based, fully integrated EDI solution for Xero users which removes the need to re-key data when exchanging Orders and Invoices with customers.
CLUSTER 882
I was just wondering if there was a way to delete the demo company?---
Please adjust so that the logo is on the actual right.
Can I change the account to which it gets accrued (i.e.
CLUSTER 886
HiI have a payment that I have allocated to one of our bank accounts but I need to move this to a different account without removing the payment and redoing it.
However, currently the readonly user cannot view unreconciled items which really hampers our attempts to bring new people up to speed with XERO.
But why does it default to the end of the previous month?When I'm sending a statement to somebody on the 29th of the month, the 'all outstanding' at the 30th of the previous month doesn't make sense.
However when you press update the unit cost reverts to the original, but the total calculation at the bottom of the page only remains at the new price.
Finding the lack of phone number very frustrating after waiting hours for a template response that does little to help me answer the number of questions I have.
CLUSTER 887
It would be useful if you could separate the "unit price" and "quantity" when creating an invoice on the standard template and have them in separate boxes.
The point is that the invoice has been issued and a liability exists which must be recognised in the accounts even if it is awaiting approval.
!Can someone please explain with Xero and WFM being owned by the same group, how there cannot be some real action and implementation of features from both of them to the other.
In Sage however, you can enter multiple invoices quickly as lines in a batch of invoices which are all posted at the same time.Any ideas?
If I purchase an item with personal funds, how do I add that item to tracked inventory when I go to make an expense claim?
Evening all.I'm hoping somebody might be able to help as the 'support' I'm getting from Xero is fairly useless.
CLUSTER 892
Is that correct?Finally, I pay monthly for a server monitoring service which I use to monitor my customers' servers (and pass on the fees to my customers).
The problem I'm facing is that members get the option to renew for either 1 or 2 years, both attracting a different price.
Invoices are raised as the default of Tax Inclusive, but when viewing them after they are raised they default back to exclusive with GST Line showing at the bottom.
And if I delete the file - it goes from the folder - but also removes the item from xero completely, even the reconciled items.
We can currently connect office 365 and gmail to xero but for me i have a email which is via my domain name so can we make it so this can be connected to xero in the same way
are a link directly to the invoice in question it would be very useful to be able to see the invoice number the note is coming from.
By default I see the graph "Total cash in and out" on the dashboard which is pretty useless (it doesn't show any numbers and doesn't even display a full year).
Hello everyone,We have moved from MYOB to XERO recently (6 weeks ago) and I am doing bank reconciliation at the moment.
CLUSTER 895
EC Acquisition (20%) or Zero Rated EC Expenses?Also wondering how to reclaim the VAT I was charged.I asked an accountant who told me to simply put it on my VAT return,but he had no idea how to convince Xero to do that and I think it's not allowable that way, or is it?
Hi there,I often have to wait for an Client Invoice to be paid before I pay the Supplier Bill.It would be REALLY useful if there was a way that I could link the Supplier Bill to the Client invoice.That way, when I go in to see what Bills I have to pay from the Dashboard, I can then see below what Client Invoice it relates to and if that invoice has been paid or not.Thanks
In the repeating invoices section, if I want to suspend an invoice for a month or two, I currently have to put in an end date, but sometimes I don't find I have to suspend it until after the most recent invoices are issued, and the system then won't let me suspend it until after the next invoice date, which defeats the object.
If the Pay Run is Week ending 05 Jul 2015, and the employee is recorded as starting work on 5 Jul 2015, that employee will not appear in the Pay Run, which seems incorrect.You need to date hime/her to have started work, a day prior to that date.
I cannot reverse the process by reconciling the payments back to the invoice as this would exceed the total amount outstanding on that invoice (due to the ''hollow'' amount that makes the invoice partially paid).I have contacted Xero Support couple days ago but no response so far.
CLUSTER 902
trialling it) before starting properly on it from June.NOw I put in this date (1st June) and try to do teh conversion balance, Xero is trying to get me to credit all these old sales invoices even though I have marked them as paid and they have nothing to do with this financial year.
Any tips?Sage & Quickbooks to Xero data conversions - the quickest and easiest way to get your clients moved to Xero by UK software version specialists, check out .
CLUSTER 903
I assume this is bookkeeping 101, but I'm new to this and trying to do things the "right way".I have purchased some items through Dell which I am going to be selling to a customer (along with service charges).
The problem is when I have come to do the reconciliation, the invoices are showing as income, as well as the money we have been paid by our finance company - effectively making it look like we have made twice as much money.
we would like a bit help from your side, now we tried to print the journal report and found that the "reference number" that we have recorded is not show and in the journal report can't tracking back to the transaction that we have recorded.
When I slide out the keyboard, the app doesn't switch to landscape mode and the keyboard doesn't function properly (I can't enter symbols) as it does with most apps (ms office, email, text messaging, etc.
CLUSTER 904
- The cash coming into our bank account from our payment service provide does not exclude the payment processing fees.
I appreciate the reply to is as with the email settings but i can see no way to change the from addressor am i being thick?thanks guys
I've got new customers that haven't gotten into the habit of ordering and want to be able to contact them if they haven't ordered for a while so I don't lose them.
But that isn't always the case and a lot of the time this field needs to reference the invoice number as the supplier does not have an account code.
One of the orgs operates 3 bank accounts, only one of which I want a consultant to see and be able to interogate.
I have found a lot of information about splitting payments when attached to invoices, and have done this for other transactions, but in this scenario I can't work it out.
I have just migrated to Xero and have done the payrun, but it isn't giving me an option to decide which employees to pay when I create the ABA file.
No luck, so in the end I have to change the employer contribution to be a fixed amount and then manually calculate the amount due.
make sense....But instead, Xero does not recognise the anniversary date for which my staff member started.
CLUSTER 905
For example:Xero charges me &#163;xx each month so I have a rule which auto-reconciles any payments with XERO in the subject.
Customer payment was made on 31/03 for the invoice from 29/03 and his payment reach my account on 1/04.
CLUSTER 912
A word of warning to anyone who sells goods from the UK to consumers in the EU.Xero is incapable of correctly reporting the VAT in your VAT return.They work on the assumption that all EU sales are 0% sales to EU businesses, and even gave me incorrect advice twice on how it should be reported.HMRC state that all "distance selling sales" (i.e.
I have two businesses in Xero and it would be useful if I could switch between the two straight from the account link at the top right hand corner (which shows the profile and logout buttons) - similar to the way Google allows you to switch https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/1721977?hl=en
Then I would print a report showing what was sitting approved & prepared for payment so Managment can make the final call on how much and who is to be paid.Open to suggestions ways to do this will getting a similar result (how much are we actually expecting to pay out at the end of the month).Fingers crossed this makes sence.
And so to that effect I've put in a maximum level of holiday pay to accrue which I've set at the equivalent of 28 days per year (it's realistically only the full timers who will actually reach this).But I was hoping to be able to set a "reset" date alongside the tax year so that everyone would need to use their holiday by April 5th and then we'd start again on April 6th.
One area that I have realised is not affective for what I need is inventory so I am looking at add on market options that will fully integrate with Xero.My business is selling and Installing home insulation product and I am hoping to get some advice from the community on the best short list options for my needs.
I send FULL HISTORY of email trails and I receive this infuriating response:Thank you for your email.The Subscriber, has the ability to update the payment details of a billing account.Subscriber has been CC'd in on this email.As soon as the payment details have been updated and payment processed, access will be restored.To which I respond that Rochelle is clearly an idiot and again, has not read a single thing that was emailed to her.
CLUSTER 913
There is a facility to Group contacts, but it would be really great if you could print statements for a group, or print the Aged Receivables with new page and totals for all groups, or print a specific group.
When I process the Gross to Net Report, on my computer screen it's OK and I can see all the information, but as soon as I print it, the calculations total for each column is missing.
CLUSTER 914
And I would like to keep certain types of payables in separate accounts, but it seems like the easily trackable bill method is only possible with the one accounts payable account.Any suggestions?
Hi,I have my business set up with 2 departments, and every customer contact set up as one of the two departments in my contact settings.However when I  my income and expenses, Xero does not prompt me to select a department, so I nearly always forget to select one.
Please could Xero fix it for Aged Payables, when converted to a pdf, to show the pence owing, and not to round to the nearest whole number (& possibly Receivables although not so crucial for ARs).
HIWould be possible to have all the details we send out on click siper to be made available to us (Bookkeepers/Accountant) and the ability to go in and change a phone number or a contact person.
So, now that we have the Income Statement properly formatted, we're attempting to create a similarly formatted budget.....but we cannot seem to find a method for doing so.I assume I'm missing something, so any tips on how to create a Budget for a Custom Income Statement would be most appreciated.
I can not see anything in the reports section that would do this.For example "accounts payable" invoices can be sorted by date of invoice or due date, but not when the transactions were entered or in the order they were entered.
Do I just change the start date on the historical record perhaps?I saw a similar question on the NZ payroll from March, which said that you have to add all the details again manually, but can't use the same email address.
CLUSTER 917
When producing customer statements for those that are processed using batch receipts the reference detail doesn't show on the statement - I have customised the statement to use the 'longreference' field which does pull through the invoice info, but not the receipt references.appreciate your help.
Currently this content seems to be lost to the the ether.It's pretty easy to fix an email address, but sometimes it makes me want to cry when I realise I also have to recreate the actual email that I sent.
Xero Team,Would you please create a General Ledger Detailed Report so that we can have a nice Xero standardized report instead of having to export to excel and print from there.We need to send this report to clients, and it isn't very attractive at the moment - printing from excel.
My company is a booking agent, working on behalf of artists.I invoice a promoter for my fee.Then I invoice the promoter on behalf of the artist for their fee.Then I forward the artist's fee to them.How in Xero can I set this invoicing system up?I do not need to do accounts for the artists at the end of the year.
CLUSTER 920
Hi,I am trying to lodge the Taxable Payments Annual Report to ATO online many times, but all of them were failed.The feed back stated that Reason: Please contact your software developer.
He works on a cash basis, so only wants to record the income that enters his account (not the original figure before the management fees are deducted).He does however want to claim the GST paid on the management fees, but I'm not sure how he can do this without entering a purchase invoice for the fees, which increases his expense account and puts him into a loss for the year.
Hi allWhen I'm on-site and I have completed a job, I log in and create an invoice for the customer.They pay me cash... all is good.later when I try to reconcile this invoice as a cash payment, I can't seem to do it.
CLUSTER 922
Does Xero have a way to link the two invoices for cross reference, or would I just write it as a note or line item?
I like the add attachment to new bill feature, then it shows the attachment inline with the bill data entry screen.
It would be great to be able to have multiple attachments and be able to choose which you want attached to transactions as you are reconciling - all, a selection with a tick box, none.
Hello,When an invoice is paid to us by our customer, government rules (India) requires a tax deduction at source (TDS) of 10%.
I am fairly new to Xero but I have done a couple of pay runs over the last couple of weeks and Xero has always calculated the correct amount until now.
CLUSTER 924
Before receiving these instructions from the accountant, I had set up a bank account in xero titled 'directors personal bank account' and paid all the relevant receipts from this.
I could add, say, a +0.01 transaction and an offsetting -0.01 transaction and code them to the rounding account, but that's kind of ugly.
I understand that you can set up 'tracking' instead of departments but I can't figure out how you view for example all activity in one tracking category during say the month of February.
It would be useful to have the option of setting up a bank account which does not default to fixed assets as we hold monies on behalf of our clients.
I would like to be flagged when a supplier has not responded to a purchase order within a timeframe, say 2-3 hrs, can this be done
It's nice to see a new product on the market but without this feature it is certainly not any different or better than anything else already there.
Some clients raised this concern with me & would prefer this method rather than having to deal with multiple contacts in xero for one customer/supplier.
At the moment, you're unable to copy a custom created Profit & Loss layout and save it as a new layout with another name.
In the pay run we have just done for September, it has calculated the 6% pension contribution is &#163;185.82!We can’t run payroll until this is resolved.
CLUSTER 929
This worked fine for 5/6 months but the past 2 months when Xero has generated these draft invoices they have been put in what seems to be a random order of reference.Is anyone else experiencing this / know anyway to fix this?Regards,Owen.
When she returns receipts and any cash I would like to record the accommodation expense to our client category, and the cash back to petty cash.What I am a bit stuck on: what do I code the freelancer 'purchase' to?
CLUSTER 931
Our Accountants journals include entries to AR and AP - can you please explain how to process these entries?
I've made two Federal Income Tax payments recently, which are showing up in my bank feed.
(Considering if I coded them to the relevant expense categories I would have double expenses noted in the accounts.
If I put a unit of 1 and a combined rate, assumprions are drawn that the rate is an hourly charge.
The whole beauty of a software is if the information is initiative to accept into the system and that information is easily accessible.
We have several clients that write at lot of manual checks each month so the data input is slow.
Now I'd like it to appear accurately on the payslip, which means I have to add leave already taken at some point.
This is due to the size of our inventory - we run over 3000 garments that have colours and sizes within each item.
CLUSTER 934
When asked to supply a copy of invoice- no- its in admin fee.The supplier is gst reg.
All expenses incurred by us before the purchase date were taken off the overall purchase price.
* for SEO metrics -- my other hat in life is a digital consultant, that tool crosses the divide.
Can Quotes be added to this as well Maybe next to Invoices with a click to Quote History.
Hey all!Just wondering if anyone knows when the Quoting Feature will be introduced into Xero?
Does anybody know of a comprehensive list of ALL fields that can be used in the docx templates?
CLUSTER 935
2) Raise an Invoice3) Apply the pre-payment to the invoice.I am able to record the pre-payment.
I want to know how can I add money to petty cash without transfer from my real bank?And I'm from Indonesia.
It would be helpful to search all emails in my Gmail account when creating a transaction, rather than only when managing a contact.
At the moment, the reconcile feature apportions pro-rata the payment across all line items.
Hi there,In order to edit a sale invoice I have removed & unreconciled all of the payments that were attached to that invoice.
not to go into negative sick leave, however Xero has paid her for all the sick leave taken?
We’ll identify the debtors who pose the biggest risk to your business and cash flow.For more information, check out .
CLUSTER 936
I have also thought about deleting the invoices and starting over, but not comfortable with what that will mean to all of the entries already coded against the invoice numbers.
Hi thereWe have been using Xero for a few years, but we had never registered any Fixed Assets or ran the depreciation from Xero.
When I do receive a bill, and am paying it, I assume I would have to deduct from the liability account created for the provision (if that is the answer to #1).
it currently show in my dashboard however it does not update the transactions (it says "GET Bank Feeds").Thanks,Ed
Hello We're moving over to Xero from spreadsheets and I hope to have all the information imported and Xero systems up and running by April 2016.
Unfortunately, I've failed to get past the first transaction which is one of almost daily payments from our credit card company.
We desperately need the Xero App to default to Settings Defaults created in the full version of Xero.
Now that Xero has updated inventory to allow tracked and non-tracked items will this flow through to an extension of the Xero Mobile app?
the ability to manage users (audit staff), access to all areas and all reports, access to adviser tab, etc.
1)  To view any approved invoices2)  The ability to pay once to clear their account 3)  The ability to run reports
i put all info in and when i get to the last part were u r meant to put an amount in it wont let me do it
CLUSTER 938
HiIt would be really productive if we were able to select the individual tracking options to include in our Profit & Loss reports.Currently we only have 2 tracking options but one of them has over 50 individual items - we are a transport operator and use our trucks rego numbers to allocated income and expenditure too.In order to print a relevant report I currently have to export to Excel and then delete the columns of the vehicles that we don't want included in the report which is also involves recalculations.
Sorry not sure what I can call this.It would be great if when you are in an inventory item to be able to hit the back button and be back at your previous spot instead of going back to the original inventory screen where I then need to enter the item to search for it again.I am trying to edit multiple inventory items and as I have so many inventory items I need to search for the item number to get back to the spot I was at to continue editing.Sorry how this makes some sense.
1) by actual cashflow and 2) by raised bills/invoices (trial balance)?In an ideal scenario I'd like to see a very simple report which looked something like the below...Project		Cash		Trial Balance——————————————————————————————Project 1		&#163;(1056)		&#163;3250Project 2		&#163;10,450		&#163;10,450Project 3		&#163;2,500		&#163;1,900This way I can see which project's cashflow is negative, and which one has outstanding invoices or bills.
I'd like to have:.....................................................................Payee:  COMPANY NAME.....................................................................Description:  Purchase.....................................................................Reference:  input at time of rec.....................................................................But at the moment I'm getting:.....................................................................Payee:  .....................................................................Description:  input at time of rec.....................................................................Reference:  Purchase COMPANY NAME.....................................................................I know I can probably swap reference and description fields using Bank Rules.
Hi, we have a business account on xero, and it all seems great so far, but we take payments on credit cards though our eftpos and need to be able to add a 2% surcharge to the invoice if they chose to pay with one, can someone tell me a way to add this to an invoice if needed, regardsNeil
A new client has come across and I am not sure if all his transactions are in Xero.I know you can reconcile but I also like to print out a transaction listing of the bank account so I can look at the clients physical bank statement v data in Xero.I have done to the Bank Account and then selected 'Account Transactions' you can type in the search dates and search that's great but you can't print or export and I am wondering if you can create the print/export function.RegardsFaithe
HiHow does xero assign pay rates to hours submitted on timesheet through My Xero app?Sundays are coming through as ordinary hours and cannot work out how to correct this.Also, a rate setup for double time should be used for overtime after a certain number of hours worked, rather than the rate setup for time and a half.
Hi All,I have been give new Department codes to replace old ones and have no issues using Find & Re-code for the Income/Expense transactions but it seems that if an employee is "Employee Grouped" to a certain departments this can not be changed in processed pay runs to the new department code via the Find & Re-code facility.
CLUSTER 941
sales that I invoice forMy question is in regards to sales that I invoice for AND which are paid via Paypal.So when a customer pays an invoice via Paypal, I receive a matched transaction in the reconciliation for my physical bank account which I accept.However, my problem is that I then also receive a payment coming through my Paypal account.What am I supposed to do with this?If I create an entry for it, I am then effectively double counting the sale.
Hi!We would love to be able to have an option within our practice settings so that all tax returns are automatically set up with refund to go into "Client Bank Account" automatically, as well as notice of assessment to be sent to "Client Address".Some of our users forget to choose Client Address as it defaults to Tax Agent Address which results in additional admin time forwarding them to clients.Can we please have an option to default these questions to what we choose as a practice?
We are embarrassingly chasing for payments that have been made but Xero doesn't know about it.To make matters worse, if we export data directly from Lloyds to .QIF for example, Xero duplicates ALL the entries because it de-dupes on a different description field.So we've got records missing and 100's of deleted lines because Xero duped all the bank entries during an import.Also, the bank balance is ALWAYS completely wrong - I wonder if this is because we didn't/can't enter a starting balance from when we switch to Xero.HELP!
Unfortunately my account was overdrawn so it got reversed back into the account on 1st April 2014.After researching bank reversals I have learnt that the best solution is to reconcile both transactions into a "reversal account" so they cancel each other out.But the problem is my start date was 1st April 2014 so I only have the reversed transaction in my bank reconciliation feed and not the original transaction that happened on 31st March 2014.So what should I do about the bank reversal that needs to be reconciled?
Annual leave is accrued correctly in our system as a 7.6 hour per day rate however when individuals book their leave Xero calculates the leave at 7.48 hours per day and we must manually adjust the leave hours amount.
I am very new to Xero and have found it increasingly frustrating to get the help I need during the set up process, in particular conversion balances, and getting all my chart of accounts in order.Going forward, I know it's fairly straight forward, but this set up is making me want to quit Xero !!!
CLUSTER 944
Now every month, the monthly loan payments (including capital, cost and insurance) show up in the bank feed.
What is the best procedure for keeping the two reconciled purchases and organizing the reimbursement amount from the employee to the company bank account?Help!
In this instance, we will buy in parts for the customer (usually from business account but can sometimes be another account) and then charge them when the service is complete.
Due Date > 60 days).If that is not possible (in the near future), could you make sorting available for the time columns on the right (, ,  etc.)?
CLUSTER 948
Hello,I have tried to enter bank details for the business that I have set up; also the business' adviser has sent of the bank account details declaration form as well but we still haven't seen any update of bank transaction in Dashboard yet.Please let us know what we should do.Regards,Thao
I am eager really to avoid any future issues with incorrect recording etc but I am not sure what these issues may be until they happen..I know there are video guides on the steps needed but do you guys have any resources maybe You   tube vids that may make my learning process a little faster or is it just a case of get on with it and ask questions here when needed?Thanks
CLUSTER 951
Occurred to me that I'm having to enter this 'location' for each line item and is always the same for a given invoice.
I used to be able to do this with OneSAAS, but they dropped support for Google Contacts.
CLUSTER 952
I receive a commitment fee that is paid by the client.
If yes, which account do I credit with the incoming payment?
But when you click on PDF the 'Tax Invoice' appears.
CLUSTER 955
Hello,I have a receive money on my bank reconcilation screen that is a refund from a supplier that I would like to allocate off other invoices from this supplier, the find and match option is not working.Thanks
We've noticed that the entry process is quite cumbersome.Currently you click add timesheet, select employee, select pay date range, open template, make changes , click approve, click close and start again.
CLUSTER 957
Hi all,I've read and searched through the discussion boards but am unsure the best way to proceed on this.I have a sole trader consulting business which involves travel I can bill to my client.My business is new and has no credit facilities at this stage.
Please forgive if this has already been requested, but I cannot find such a topic despite searching.When adding new invoices, there is a green "APPROVE" button at the bottom.
CLUSTER 959
I am wanting to record the receipts somewhere in XERO.At this stage I'm putting them through as receipts in Expense Claims and was going to approve and then pay them with the account #970 (Equity) or #881 (Liability).I don't know which one to put it under as I'm not sure why one would be a Liability.
With frequent changes to awards, EBA and site/State specific rates of pay it would be helpful if you could copy an existing pay item and create a new pay item that applies to the same employees but allows you to modify multiples.
CLUSTER 962
Hi,Nuapay is a fantastic package that allows any business  to send an online SEAP Direct debit mandate to a client, authorise it from the dashboard and then Nuapay process the mandate and deposits the money in your account.
?It is great that you have extended the time out to one hour before Xero logs out but when you are using a few other programs during the day it is very frustrating having to log in again especially when you have a long email address like we do
We only moved to Xero this year and did so under the understanding that we would be able to use the SmartLists function because it is crucial for our business that we are able to track clients that have not used our service for a specified period of time.
I edited the default Statement.docx and simply added a page number field* in the footer but it somehow seems to break the TableStart:Line section.
I have processed my first pay run but when I try to create the ABA file it comes up with this message - The BSB and/or Account Number for the default bank account are invalid.
Ideally I would like to be able to just import this into Xero, and use Xero payroll, but if it won't integrate and I have to use say Sage payroll, is there a way to get the payroll data into the accounts?
so please, what IS the issue?billing@xero keeps asking me to contact my bank, but the problem isnt from them.Is it possible to pay via PayPal or any other means?this is becoming pretty frustrating!
CLUSTER 966
Therefore the monthly PNL that is generated shows a huge loss as it is calculating all the stock I purchased as an expense and doesn't take into account the stock on hand waiting to be sold.Does that make sense?
When a rule is suggested, I would like to be able to see more details or that rule, nominal code etc, and if it doesn't apply I want to be able to select a different rule instead.
CLUSTER 982
Only one withdrawal showing in February this year.I checked there feed and it was linked and active.Went online and checked there bank transactions on their internet banking and it shows all the withdrawals and deposits.
Any tips?serko.travel is a new app that streamlines the process of booking, managing and reconciling travel spend, saving hundreds of admin hours annually.
CLUSTER 985
I run multiple versions of the statements as I progress thru month-end and need to mark what edition it is.Having the date and time that the report is run would clarify this.
For many pages particularly the bank rec page, when a button is hit, the loading symbol comes up but the page never goes to the result you want.
CLUSTER 988
I have read through other tutorials and forums which suggested that the best way would be to create the bill and then a credit note for the refund so I went about it this way however I found that this only resolves the refund in and not the actual payment of the invoice from the deposit.
Hi,I have been asked to print a management report but I cant see this in my reports or an advisor option (which I would think as owner of the business I would have access to) Can someone help me out please?Thanks
Hi all,I am relatively new to Xero (and accounting in general) but looking for some assistance with adding expenses to my file.I've got an expense that has several portions to it, that I want to track, but there is also a discount on the expense.
https://www.gov.uk/vat-costs-or-disbursements-passed-to-customers I select COGS but I've set that as 20% VAT on expenses rather than income, so it gets categorised in the wrong section of my VAT report.
I have recently signed up for the trial version of Xero, now i am trying to setup and send one invoice to check how it works but for some reason can't find the option to put Bank Account Details on Tax Invoice.
The system allows to enter 4 decimal points when raising a sales invoice but when the invoice is printed to pdf it only shows 2 decimal points which is confusing to customers if it displays a rounded rate, especially if it shows $0.00.
I've got my head around brininging the conversion date forward to July 2016 to basically start again, and I know I need to ensure AR and AP have matching pre conversion invoices/bills to confirm...
CLUSTER 992
All of these users can access the Invoice Settings feature, which allows them to alter and upload new invoice templates.
I then unreconciled the eftpos payments and reallocated to the accounts payables and the remainder of each eftpos transaction I reconciled to sales.
The integration is using a 3'rd Vend Store that exclusively receives Sales/Refunds from Shopify.
Today, I even received an email (addressed to former employee) to transfer the subscription to the me if they they were agreeable.... unbelievable!
CLUSTER 1001
Also, it's a negative payment.When viewing the invoice, I can see no mention of a payment near the total, this is what it says:Subtotal 240.00Total No VAT 0.00TOTAL 240.00When I click 'preview', it says this near the total:Subtotal	240.00Total No VAT	0.00Total GBP	240.00Less Amount Paid	-240.00Amount Due GBP	480.00I can see no way to delete this payment, I can't find it in my transactions and very oddly it's a negative value so this phantom 'payment' has doubled the amount owing.In the statement for this client, I get the following:Invoice Amount 240.00Payments 0.00Balance GBP 240.00Has anyone experienced this?
Hi there,Currently we have a situation where one customer over the course of a month can make 100 transactions into the bank account with each transaction having a potential GST amount attached that differs to 15%.One solution we have tried is to create a sales invoice at the end of the month for each customer with the total amount received including the correct gst received and match each transaction to the sales invoice for the month.Is there a way to select multiple transactions and reconcile them with one sales invoice?I understand you can do this individually with each transaction but if you could do this in a similar fashion to the cash coding function that would be great!I've been looking to see if this is possible but have hit a road blockAny help or suggestions would be appreciatedThanksAidan
For those of us who need to calculate diesel fuel litres for our clients to claim the rebate, it can be frustrating obtaining this detail from Xero, especially when using other add-ons like Receipt Bank to push bills into Xero.After training my staff to ONLY enter the litres (and no other detail) into the Description field in Receipt Bank, so ONLY litres push across to this field in Xero, I was alarmed when running the Report - Account Transactions = Plant Fuel & Oil, to discover that without choice, Xero shows BP - 440 in the Description field on this report (for example, when the supplier was BP).So even though the 440 only is being shown on the actual invoice, the Contact + Description text is being included in the report.
I have to go back to the discussion thread and tell my client to look out for the separate email I have just sent.Of course I could simply save the quote/invoice as PDF and attach it in my reply to client, but that would not allow her to access the quote/invoice online to "accept" or make payment.So, here I'm thinking: how nice if I can easily copy the URL of the quote/invoice and just paste it in my email so I can say something like: "You may click this link to view/accept/pay my quote/invoice online"P/s: As the (silly) workaround at the moment, I had to send the quote/invoice to myself in order to grab the URL.
HiI've just started with Xero after using Kashflow for many years.I decided to jump ship as I wanted a more visual dashboard, the ability to add receipts on the go and a general app to see and send invoices.I've only used Xero for a few days but there is so much wrong with it that I can't believe it gets a good rating.Things i've noticed.• Xero don't seem to listen to their users and update their app based on the feedback?• If you make a mistake, i.e like create an invoice, it's impossible to delete.• Adding receipts on the mobile version works great and then you get to the desktop version and it's laughable• There is plenty more but my fingers would start hurting from all the typing.I moved to Xero because of the rating, i'm now thinking I could create my own accounting website/app and blow this out of the water.
Hello,Let's say I have 2 invoices, on both I charge 10 Euro V.A.TWhen I have to pay the V.A.T department in my country, I send them a cheque of 20 Euro, in Xero where shall I input this 20 Euro V.A.T payment please?The best would have been to have a single box that shows all my V.A.T liabilities but I cannot work where to setup this box unless I create a single new account in my charts called "V.A.T liabilities", but still, even with that there is a problem, how to tell the software that all the V.A.T charged on my invoices should go there?Thank you,Ben
Starting the day, entering purchases, and noticing NO GST is the set tax rateYet all my descriptive accounts are all set to be at 15% on purchases (and sales for that matter)This wasn't the case yesterday, the day before and it better not be the case later today or tomorrowSo what is happening that all of a sudden NO GST is the set rateEven if I correct it, and change it to GST exclusive with a Tax rate set at 15%, the next purchase is changing to NO GSTI have not entered any purchases with NO GST, and do not want to have be checking, (although we do and this is how it was noticed) this should be a given that we can enter things relying on the GST set rateSo how/what/why is it that this rate can just changed itself when it feels like it, USERS check this on your purchases/invoices as it will have GST return errors
I have one organisation in Xero, which gives three partners (and our accountant) different levels of access.I have been asked to take on another organisation, with different partners but the same Accountant.I know I can add another organisation to Xero (saving money in doing so) and restrict user access o different activity levels within that organisation.However, can I restrict each business's user access, so that users from "Business A" cannot view "Company B"s affairs (and vice versa), while the accountant and I can access both, via two log-ins or whatever?Apologies if this has already been answered, I did look and checked the closed thread, but couldn't find what I was looking for in existing threads.If one already exists, please link me to directly, it so I don't waste anyone's time.Many thanksAdrian
Hi Xero Community, very new but I think I may have found a logic bug in the way that GST is summed in the browser when creating or editing a draft invoice, let me explain.If I create a draft invoice with multiple line items and wish to apply a discount to the entire invoice by supplying a negative line item, I configure line items including the discount line item to have GST on Income applied as their tax rate (as I don't want to be paying more GST that I have to), and it appears that the GST component of the negative line item is not subtracted from the GST total in browser, but when exported to a PDF invoice the GST total is accurate.Screenshot: http://i.imgur.com/5FrIhoK.jpgCan anyone comment on this?
Hi,I've started using Employment Hero payroll function, which has made management of payroll a lot easier, however I have an issue with how Xero handles my BASWhen I do a BAS report it only shows payments that were a result of a Xero payrun (we were using Xero Payroll for the first two pay runs of the current BAS period before switching over to Employment Hero)When I run a GL report, it shows the correct amount under 477 Wages and Salary, but when I run an activity statement, for the same period, it only shows the pre-Employment Hero amounts.Clearly the EH payroll is finding its way into the correct GL code, but for some reason is not being picked up by Xero for the BAS statement.
He occasionally withdrew money from the bank and now I want to record the withdrawals throughout the year as his salary at year end.I have not started using Xero Payroll but am wondering if it suits my need here.The considerations are:- The withdrawals were not periodic (not monthly, not quarterly, just at random times)- His primary work location is not in the US (even though the company is a US Florida S corp)- The corp has no other employee- The corp has not paid him any other periodic salary throughout the yearThe need:- Calculate the various payroll tax obligations- Pay the payroll tax- Create the W2 laterThe question:- Can Xero Payroll do the job?
Can we claim the VAT totally or partially?Trying to find some clarity on the HMRC website, I found this:http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/manuals/bimmanual/bim45033.htm"Although the expenditure is allowable, the employees themselves may have to pay tax on the entertainment received and the employer will have to report this on form P11D.However, due to the difficulty in assigning the benefit accurately to the employees, many employers choose to include such items in a PAYE Settlement Agreement (PSA) and pay Income Tax and National Insurance contributions on behalf of the employees (see PSA1050).It is possible for a charge to arise on the employee even where the cost has been disallowed (in whole or in part) to the employer.
Hi,I am in the process of setting up the first employee, but stuck as how to migrate over existing holiday data and allowances.For example, this employee has been with us from 1st April 2012, and has used some annual leave, and also have some accrued and available.I am unsure how to migrate this across to Xero Payroll from my existing payroll system/data.In addition, and no doubt linked to my query, within the Leave tab for the employee I see I can assign a Leave Type, but am unsure what Hours Accrued Annually and Balance should reflect.The same would apply to other leave, such as Sick Leave - migrating existing use and balances.I see there have been a few other posts on this topic, but I'm still at a loss as to how to do it, and what  Hours Accrued Annually and Balance should reflect.Thanks in advance
I have spoken to Tradify about this and they know it's an issue but can't help.I have done a bit of a workaround by moving the accounts email address to the 2nd email position in Xero and having the primary contact person as the job contact but obviously this is not ideal when emailing invoices, statements and automatic reminders as I am having to manually check email addresses before each email is sent and delete the primary email address from any email before it is sent.Tradify also overwrites the contacts address details in Xero each time an invoice is sent and each time adds the 3rd address line from Tradify to the 2nd address line in Xero - very frustrating as these need to be manually edited each time too.
I am trying to integrate a client's Retail Express with Xero and am getting the following error message:JournalEntry - Failed to upload journal entry 'CS150708 - Cost of Sales 8/07/2015'-You cannot save this transaction using an inventory account typeAfter numerous failed attempts to resolve this with RE they finally said that it was an accounting issue, which makes no sense (the accounts are mapped correctly from an accounting perspective) since this issue is related to RE requiring a certain setting in XERO to post the import journal to, and this requirement not being met.Has anyone successfully integrated Retail Express with Xero?My question is what is the RE software requirement?
http://www.c2.co.nz/workflowmax-trav-xero-basic-workflow-setup/The client brief was to replace the current manual invoicing/project system and give their mobile users ability to record time and materials onsite.The client also required a production scheduling system to compliment WorkflowMax, we used TRAV for this purpose.Via TRAV, the production manager has the ability to schedule WFM jobs down to any amount of time.The mobile users can then subscribe to a calendar feed from TRAV to manage their days.Ed
must have a solid mobile app/pageI'm looking currently at using minutedock or simpro, I've trialled both extensively.I'm leaning towards Simpro as it has a great app and customer/job tracking features.I'm currently using vtiger as it was a free offering from a web host but the mobile app sucks, the sync feature is not reliable/automaticMy focus is on maintaining a fully cloud based business and offering cloud based solutions, I'm partnered with Microsoft for 365/sharepoint online, trend micro (worry free cloud based) and Crashplan (cloud based backups) and my clients love these solutions.I have no inhouse servers or intention/desire to implement them.I'm not looking for something like kaseya or labtech.
I have recently converted our business over to Cin7 using xero to process the accounting side of the business and cin7 to manage our 6000 parts in our two locations.This has been quite a process as our previous system was very old and needed alot of planing to get the old data over to cin7 and now contacts into xero.However the 6 month planing has paid off and we went live 1st of Feb 2015 and to date our staff are very positive about the changes and can see the benefits of cin7 managing our stock which has long lead times and comes from several different countries in different currencies.The ease of using xero has been very beneficial as often I am using both systems and the logical way xero works has made the transition so much easier.
How did you go about setting up the job templates as I cannot seem to understand how you can set up Tasks in a the template but then cannot set up pre-configured due dates for them such as previous task + 3 days or Job start date +14 days.To give Tasks a start and due date you can go into the Job and add new Task but if you have several tasks this defeats the object of using a template and saving time but I cannot see where within a Job template you can set up predefined start and due dates for Tasks?Any help or advice greatly apreciated as starting to regret the decision.
I wanted to capture the experience here in case it saves anyone else some time and frustration, and to highlight some issues to the Xero developers.Firstly, I'm not sure what's different about FreeAgent's relationship with Barclays, but the feeds work in FA without the need to re-enter Pin Sentry details, so it *can* be done.Barclays data services are a little known feature of the account and so be prepared to end up speaking to a great many non-UK customer support representatives before you get any joy with this.It appears that each account can only have one feed, and so disable them elsewhere before proceeding in connecting to Xero (I had to disable my feeds to FA first).The Xero connection process asks for many details which aren't used, and eventually I was able to establish a connection using only my name and membership details.
CLUSTER 1005
Hello all,I am new to Xero and accounting as a whole really bar the month or so I have been using it.
I need to unvoid it as Xero links to our external system so the invoice numbers need to be the same.
We've been playing with the user roles and haven't been able to find a way to restrict their access to just purchase orders.
When copying a sales invoice to enter a similar item, I accidently clicked on void.
CLUSTER 1006
In addition, a couple of his staff are happy to look around Xero and explore and one discovered a way of checking contacts which showed the last payment made, so saw what each member of staff was earning, which caused an issue.
Go to all the effort using WFM, then have to physically type in the Job Number for tracking everything in Xero.ITEM CODESWFM does not push these to Xero for Purchase Orders or Invoices.
CLUSTER 1016
Hi alljust wanted to run this passed a few people who may be able to help with suggestions.I have received an invoice for £500I want to pay it in shares rather than cash.The invoice has been booked against my account reference is 327My share capital account reference is 950Therefore i need to reduce 327 by £500 and increase 950 by £500 - is this correct?If so I believe i need to journal this.
Hey,So I run a small Video Production Company and we're currently looking at improving our project management as our team of employees grow.Our current work flow is pretty simple and looks something like this:- Quote for project in Xero- Accept quote in Xero- Create tasks in Todoist that team can access on all devices- Create events and deadlines in Google Calendar- Files related to the project (scripts, storyboards, etc) are stored on OneDrive- Complete tasks and eventually project- Invoice for project in XeroThis is workable in a small team, but it obviously has some huge limitations.
CLUSTER 1018
I need to send the Invoice number related to each fixed asset to my Audit firm.
Allow BECU accounts to work with eachother by having the feed be able to refresh automatically.
The Income by Contact report includes all deposits to the bank account for every contact.
It would be wonderful if the network key populated the contact details, rather than me having to type them in.
The "Find & Recode" menu is missing from the "Advisor" drop down when you are in any of the Payroll pages.2.
CLUSTER 1021
I would like to set up a directors loan in Xero for £10k.Initially I raised an Accounts Payable Invoice for the amount, but it is showing up in my balance sheet under liabilities as (10,000) i.e.
If you have a minimilised version that does reports and expense logging sign me up, i dont need all the rest.Come to think of it why are receipts and expense claims labeled differently in the app to the desktop.
CLUSTER 1025
a YTD total for the previous year to enable comparison with 2.As an adviser to many small businesses this is the report that I (& I expect most advisers) are really looking for to help our clientsThe current reporting does not enable us to have the management discussions with clients as easily as it should.All the information is within the software, so it is just a matter of constructing the reportThanks in advance
I would like to see the program return to the start point after editing a transaction.So for example I reviewing my P & L for year end - I see an account that doesn't look right I click on it to get the detail ( transaction list for that account ) - I find the issue ( one transaction ) - click on it and edit it to correct the error once done I end up in a bank account transaction listing.to get back to the same report I started with I have to do start the reporting all over again !Would be great if after edit it returned to the report with the new $$
CLUSTER 1040
Is it possible to setup  an employee with 2 different email addresses - one to receive their own payslip and another to receive requests to authorise Timesheets or Leave requests.Naturally, the employee/manager does not want her payslip going to her work email, but does not want leave etc requests going to her personal email address as she does not check this during work hours.
When my customers view their invoice online their is no Print button which means the customer is using either CTRL+P or print from the browsers menu.This causes the invoice format to differ from customer to customer depending their browser because their browser.I had a complaint this morning about a invoice printing over 4 pages because the line description was all squashed up.Another complaint last week that a single page invoice printed on two pages because despite their being loads of room in the footer area the footer decides to use another peice of paper to print it
This gives silly hourly rates when you are paying a Director an annual salary of &#163;10,600 and, also, how many hours does a director work?It would be more useful if a salaried employee just had the same options as HMRC guidance (and HMRC Basic PAYE Tools), which is up to 16 hours, 16 to 24 hours, 24 to 30 hours, over 30 hours and other (the option that should usually be used for directors).
CLUSTER 1041
Fantastic work with allocating Billable expenses to the client from the Purchase/ Bill data entry page.Might i suggest that when a New Sale/Invoice is created and the billable expense is added to a new invoice/sale, that the SALE value from the Inventory be used rather than the cost price from the supplier
I'm a little hesitant as it's the first time I've had to complete these in Xero.I posted a year end stock journal as follows:CR  - 329 Stock Inventory (Direct Cost) - £73950.29DR - 625 Stock (Asset) - £73950.29This is all fine and adjusts the accounts correctly for year end.
Hi All,I'm now getting to grips with Xero after years of battling with Sage Instant (with thanks to Ledgerscope for handling the transfer) but I wondered if there was any way to get Direct Payments (created via Receive Money) to show up in the Sales screen?
There is a need to be able to deliver a Statement under each Brand Theme effectively to the same customer who may use both Company Brands.There is an ability to apply a Brand Theme to a selected Group of clients, but where any of the clients have used both Brands it will not deliver 2 Statements that is one under each brand/theme.I think if a further filter option were added to the Statement Page called "Branding Theme" that behind the scene pulled all of one particular client/brands invoices together with the ability to issue statements under that theme it would be great and would prove most useful for some entities.
Furthermore, we have Cashbook clients  that want to write checks but where we would prefer not to give them the Advisor role.Check writing is a very basic and common task that clients use their accounting software for, and I think it would be great if Xero had a user role that allowed this functionality without opening up basically the entire file to that user.Many thanks,Mark
This then makes it very simple when cross checking all work performed on each clients vehicle.We did have this option when using Automate before switching to Xero.Would be very interested to hear ideas on this concept.RegardsBrad DavisGeographe Mobile Motorcycle Repairs0407 077 647
i've noted the other discussions in the user group, and know i can adjust settings to remove both quantity and item price but was looking to customize that a bit more selectively.is that where a custom invoice .docx template could come into play or is there a better way to try and accomplish this?many thanks,jon h
In WORD this shows as &#171;RegisteredOffice&#187; with field code &#171;MERGEFIELD RegisteredOffice *MERGEFORMAT&#187;This returns on the printed invoice: Company Registration No:&#160;xxxx.&#160;&#160;Registered Office: Attention: company name, address etc,All good except for the word Attention:I cannot find a way of removing this.
we has a draft payroll running , and when checking the payslip, the annual leave does not accumulate it, even though we have put the days in the annual leave fields for the balance before we kick out the new system.the  holiday pay accumulate 8%.not sure how xero records annual leave, should we add it manually in the balance fields, or need to do some journal entry?anyone knows about it, please give some hints, thanks!Audrey
CLUSTER 1042
When the pay run is approved, Xero expects to see a payment somewhere to for that payee, but in fact no payment, just a pure after tax withholding, is required.
That way, anyone who wanted to include a link to the online version, inside the PDF, could easily add this to the Terms of the quote.
This is I hope a simple request.When you record a payment against an invoice, a history note is generated automatically recording the payment detail.
The API response is "This document cannot be edited as it has a payment or credit note allocated to it", "Credit Note not of valid status for modification".
CLUSTER 1046
I'm in the UK and trying to reconcile my self assessment payment that has been made to HMRC.How do I do it?what account do I reconcile it to?
So currently we're stuck with manually editing all 1,500 number on the first occasion we use them ...
Please bring back the ability to attach an invoice to new fixed assets entered in the register
If we want to give them the ability to do this at present we need to make them unmanaged which is not our preferred option for some clients.
When he then went in to raise an invoice to the client he was able to see the related disbursement and choose to add that to the invoice.
Is that the correct approach, and if so, should I use the 'Receive Money' option in the Citi card account?Thanks!
The amount of tax actually paid and the net amounts to the bank accounts are correct  - it is just the payslips that are incorrect.
Please enter a different Contact Name.There is a problem with this pay run that prevents the payment.
Use a mobile device to show products to customers and to create orders even when offline.
I am having a problem that is associated when viewing contacts with regards to navigating to the sales invoices of that specific contact.
CLUSTER 1053
I have watched the video about split payments but as I have approved and paid the invoice it wont let me split the payment.
The opposite also happens when I am entering a gst inclusive purchase it shows as gst inclusive.
We need the ability to change the e-sign short code when downloading documents to sign.
Please change this function, so that if the original item is de-selected if it's not not reconciled, when "other possible matches found" is clicked on.
I would like to see the accounts area actually doing the individual employee expense forms so they don't need to do them.
Therefore, paying off the balance is an easy transfer from the USER1 credit card to my bank account feed.
If its like this in March, I dare say during tax time (July - October), when the support is most needed, it will be a disaster.
CLUSTER 1054
I don't mean that I want to go and add each one individually to get the total.
At the moment I have to manually edit and type in the extra required email addresses
The super feeds through to the Xero Superannuation section but it has already been paid to the superfund.
I know there are add ons but I prefer to keep everything with in the one program.
CLUSTER 1057
The claims were added in through the Touch App by the employee, approved by myself but deleted in error as I found a duplicate on 1 line item.
I decided to backdate to 1 April so that I capture the full tax year in my accounts.I have got two payments going out to IRD for Deductions.
CLUSTER 1059
WorkflowMax has a "Zero rated GST" checkbox field in the client screen that the WFM Help Centre states "If this is an overseas client and you are exporting to them, you may not be required to collect sales tax, so select this checkbox to set the sales tax on your invoices at 0%.
I think this information is essential when reviewing credit terms etc and would be a really valuable feature to add.Maybe a good place to show this would be in the Contacts>Customers>View Recent Invoices.The columns presently shown are If we could have  and  columns it would be great.
To do this he would need to show the GST content on the statement – line by line and in Total, for those statement line items in the date range selected.From your help pages, I see the item "InvoiceTaxTotal" but this is only available on invoices and crrdit notes.
I love receiving the Xero update emails - something new and shiny to try out on my favourite accounting software!But my staff, who mostly just have payroll employee access, aren't so interested and can be confused by these emails.Is there a way you could only send them to the Xero Subscriber and Financial Advisors, rather than all Users?
CLUSTER 1062
Most clients pay by BACS but recently a client has informed me that he tried to pay with Paypal and it added the VAT again ie to the total amount on the invoice.I can't find any setting on the invoice or payment service to change this.
when creating salary sacrifice i need to create salary sacrifice  for a tax deductible item.what is the specific deduction creation:Deduction Name Deduction CategoryLiability Accounti assume i choose - Reduces PAYG Withholdingregards
CLUSTER 1063
However, the invoice in question still shows as an outstanding bill.In addition I bank transfers that show up in the bank statement, which I have reconciled, but the show up as unreconciled in the reconciliation report.So it begs the question, is there a time lag in Zero to record theseBill Smith
State Sales tax is 6.25% (Masachusetts) and so the total amount charged against my bank account is 159.35.When I enter this receipt in xero, I click on spend money, and it brings up a screen where I can enter the items, one I categorize as Computer Equimpent, the other as Office equipment.
When we come to prepare reports for the second time next year we need to ensure the clients reports are up to dated based on our current templates, but don't want to have to redo all client level changes by pulling down a new template.
Have setup Natwest accounts before and beenfine, but with our HSBC bank, ive put in the account details and feeds are available.When it comes to the login info, it has field for 'memorable answer' only problem there are 2 or more memorable answers setup on this account, have tried both but no luck, and are these CAP sensitive?anyone else had issues or a workaround?
I am trying to upload my budget and I download the template then upload it with the figures in it but the system says:19 warnings:This import will replace some budget data that already exists.Bespoke Software - Build (205) is not a valid account and will not be imported.
When lodging PAYG Summaries to the ATO directly from Xero does Xero provide a lodgement confirmation receipt/report?When using GovReports we get a great lodgement confirmation report that I keep with my clients records.Does Xero do anything similar?
Hi allWe have 2 websites shop in Great Britain using the OSCommerce system .We were looking to integrate them to XERO using Carry the One.Anyone user that can give us suggestions or share experiences?thank you
When I deleted them in the system several others with different numbers showed up and I can not find a way to delete those because they don't show up in the conversion balance account, you can only see them when you look in different account reports.I have emailed customer service twice.
CLUSTER 1066
We are a charity and have regular receipts coming in, not based on invoices and also regular standing orders going out.I cannot seem to find a place where I could set these up.I have found it for invoicing but does not apply to us.Can anyone assist or point me in the right direction?
This means accounts are unable to be fully reconciled and is hard to keep track of budget as money has been spent but Xero hasn't been able to reconcile it.Someone suggested I create an inventory suspense account so when I place and pay for an order from a supplier I can enter inventory into the suspense account, then as the items arrive move them into inventory.
How do we claim the VAT back for the expenses incurred prior to being VAT registered in the last quarter which as this is a start up we are allowed to do but Xero seems to not want to acknowledge these in the VAT return.Getting really frustrated by this as there is a considerable amount of money involved.Any help gratefully received.
However, when I go to the Overpayment and to 'Overpayment options' I don't have the option to 'Allocate Credit'.The only reason I can think of is that the two outstanding invoices are in Euros and our base  currency is GBP and therefore the overpayment was converted to  GBP.Can anyone help?Many thanks.
I've studied similar threads, and I understand using the 'owners draw' or a similar account, but don't understand how introduce the payment in the first place.So as accounting amateur, I'd like to rephrase the question in two parts:Context: I'm a freelancer, and this payment is $500 to freelance assistant animator.
Find out what you need to do so you can enter this transaction'I know a few of the inventory items will go to zero, that is fine, but it does not tell me which item is the one causing the barrier so that I can figure out how to remedy the issue.The help page does not help.Any tips?Thanks.Pat
Hi,I am currently in a position where a previous bookkeeper who set up my Xero did so in their business name.Now, I want to take over the subscription but, they refuse to send the invite to do so (long story).Is there any way I can have this person removed and take over asap?Appreciate any support/instructions here.Thanks.
Hello,I'm just about to role out the XeroMe app to our staff so that they can easily view and store their payslips and ultimately to apply for leave.When looking at the list of people to select to notify when applying for leave within the App several people appear twice in the list.
CLUSTER 1069
I have set up things in tracking but I can't seem to get a report of income or expenses broken down to each event.
With big accounts, it takes a while to load all the transactions, which includes prior locked periods.
When importing invoices, one has to check a checkbox whether the UnitAmount is tax inclusive or exclusive.
This doesn't seem to be a feature as Xero only allows allocation of one expense account for all wages.
What report can I generate to give me a list of payroll deductions for a particular date range?
However, when I run the balance sheet the liability is showing as pension not student loan.
CLUSTER 1070
I can't figure out how to correct them to being credit card accounts.
Just was taking a look through all my reports to wrap up the year.
But this isn't printed onto the paper version for some reason?
Great.But most of the time the quantity or amounts change.
The issue is that the fields come wrongly sorted.
CLUSTER 1079
Thus, the rent payment wasn't included in the amount I reported for rents in 2015.Basically, I have an expense for one month of office rent that is in limbo since it wasn't expensed in 2015.
Hi everyone, I know this will undoubtedly be me once again but hopefully someone can point me in the right direction.My business at this time is not VAT registered (in the UK) as we do not meet the thresholds yet but the invoices we receive do have VAT on them.
Hi,We have contacted support on Feb 15, 20th and March 3rd with still no reply, I see other people have had issues with time taken to respond, we are still 'up and running' with this issue but it doesn't inspire much confidence if we had a major issue!
Good morning, I have a question for you., when I reconcile the payment I make to Nest the pension provider I make a single payment which include the contributions I made as employer and the contribution made by my employee.
This results in numerous duplicate contacts when you only need the one.If this feature is added it would also be handy to be able to "merge" contacts together to remove multiple ones.thank you
In order to increase efficiency to get around this strange quirk of Xero, we are entering the transactions into Excel first then importing them in order to be able to create and reconcile them or match to reconcile them to entered transactions to simulate a bank feed.
I have processed and reconciled the payment to Clicksuper, but the payment was returned into our bank account two weeks after it was originally paid.How do I resubmit the payment to Clicksuper, when my superannuation liability has already been reconciled and no payments exist for this employee?
I really would like a web app that is pleasant to use, since after all there's little that's pleasant for me when it comes to accounting.Just curious if there's a roadmap for a FRESH, web 2.0 UI coming any time down the road.
CLUSTER 1087
I tried to deleting the numbers to get it back to normal and they were then even further off.
That is - a transfer from the owner's personal checking to the business credit card.
It shows a negative balance which equals the the amount owed to the director.
This is clearly not the case.. but I am in desperate need of a way to automate these tasks.
The problem is in reconciliation where Xero tries to match, but fails often.
Does Xero calculate the 17.50% on top of the annual leave for you or what do you do??
CLUSTER 1091
A sample invoice I have received for a purchase is:Taxable amount: 302,735.00Tax 13%: 39,355.55 Invoice Total: 342,090.00Where the correct figure would be 342,090.55, not .00The tax department doesn't require the recording and payment of tax to two decimal places (and it's usually the tax line that causes the issue).Because of this, we then pay the invoice amount as it is written at .00In Xero, when I recreate the purchase invoice, it calculates the mathematically correct amount at 342,090.55My question is then:What is the best accounting practice to deal with this issue?1.
Hi AllWe are new users to Xero and wanted to utilise the payment services in Xero so that our clients could pay us direct using a credit card or bpay or their internet banking.We did try Poli for the internet banking but 99% of our sales are to other businesses.We currently have an online platform with westpac called payway but as far as I know this does not integrate with Xero.
Please could you develop a Tier 2 PBE Report Template for reporting the financial statements of a medium-sized charity?Currently I have to use a Tier 3 PBE Report Template and amend it to comply with NZ IFRS RDR but the reporting requirements are considerably different.Also I have tailored the report at the client level but I can't see a way of saving this report into a template that I could use for other clients.
(We won't be able to get the team to start using Xero Quotes, and I don't think Xero Quotes has the ability to do some of the customization and calculations we have setup in Google Sheets).So, the next best option is to be able to take a Quote that we created in Google Sheets, and create a Quote in Xero by 'importing' it.Is this possible?I have contacted , and they suggested some marketplace apps, couldn't officially recommend any, but did 'mention'  which is owned by Xero.Workflow Max seems like it could work... not 100% sure, but it is too robust of a solution to a problem that is basically integrating Google Sheets/.csv to Xero.
Help!I am trying to set up a Pension Provider within Xero payroll for Auto Enrolment purposes as our staging date is 1st June 2015 and therefore I need to make payments within the May pay run.When I save the Providers information I have entered, it does not hold the details.I have tried contacting Xero support but the only email I have had back is that they are busy and will get back to me eventually!I need to process my payroll today!
CLUSTER 1092
Simple one this - the search feature within Sales & Purchases is good for names and references etc but why can't we search on the amount like you can with the bank account transactions?This would be a very useful feature to implement.
Hello,I've made two separate payments against a single PO as I needed to pay half of the cost up front to the supplier before they would deliver my goods.I'm now having problems reconciling this in xero because I have two payments which need to be matched to the single "xero transaction".How am I able to match the two payments to the single xero transaction?Thanks for your help!
CLUSTER 1093
I've read most people take cashback of the cost of assets, but there is no asset in this case, it was just services for the company formation.Also, do we have to pay VAT on the cashback?Any help would be appreciated!
It is frustrating to be asked when we press "print" if we want to mark the invoice as sent, because we have just sent it as an email.I would like to see the software recognize that you have just emailed the invoice & it should be marked as sent at that point automatically.
CLUSTER 1094
When creating manual journals, spend/receive money or anything similiar to this - it can be frustrating when trying to add or correct old lines.When a line is removed - its gone.
The challenge is that there are no custom fields for contacts that I use to store my Xero group code, meaning essentially that I would have to code two sets of thousands of records, separately.
CLUSTER 1096
It would be good to see some of the time-sheets features from Deputy move over to Xero me such as:Select start time of shiftSelect end time of shiftSelect time taken for breakWe are in construction, and don't 'roster' people so to speak, but rely on employees to log their hours worked.
Hi,I am reviewing a Supplier history which shows a list of past and present  invoices - data displayed;date, invoice number and instead of PAID date shows due date.Either create an extra column or remove the due date I need to easily identify when invoices were paid quickly without clicking on each individual invoice so see this information.
CLUSTER 1098
I've discovered that "trial and error" is not a very good strategy with Xero because it doesn't seem to be very flexible in allowing you to tidy up errors.
)However that doesn't seem quite right, I know I'm doing something wrong, but I haven't been able to figure out what yet.
CLUSTER 1102
I would like to be invoicing my client, input the commission into the invoice (15%) and this 15% will be reflected as sales in my P&L then I'll need to generate a report that this $150 is still outstanding from the insurance company.
Likewise, when I want to plug in the actuals and see what impact that's had on my budget plan for categories where I'll be making purchases in 6 months time, I need to do that in Excel.A product I've been using extensively for my personal finances is YNAB (You Need A Budget), which has a fantastic budget manager.
CLUSTER 1108
I've tried a number of different work-arounds but I can't help think there is one I'm missing because this is asinine to not be able to run an inventory item negative or at least sell those which are on PO's because it's not dropshipping, he will get the items before he delivers them to the customer.
Flipping through each page when you want to close off paid invoices can be agonising... it would be great to be able to sort or filter the rec screen in a simliar way to sorting the cash coding screen.
CLUSTER 1109
So, I've sent my first invoice, but can't see my bank details on the invoice.
I have pressed the Redo button on a few of the transactions but had already reconciled payments.
Some will need the tax column, but non-profits like us do not.
When running payroll reporting you only have the option of one payroll item or all.
CLUSTER 1110
Have the ability to select only the bank account that you wish to export instead of all the bank accounts.
Very frustrating.Can this be incorporated into user profiles as an option for Standard users to be able to have?Thanks
I generally buy the same brand and models but the purchase price can differ as I buy at auction.
You have to go to xero.com and find the barely visible menu that will lead you to the lists.
CLUSTER 1112
The external system calculates the VAT and we need to reflect the exact amount of VAT when this is imported.As the journal import template does not allow for a column with the VAT amount, this is calculated by Xero.How can we allow for a few pence of rounding error in the VAT calculation, without forcing the user to check the VAT calculation and potentially adjust the VAT amount?
We then raise an invoice when our work is completed and allocate the standing order payments against the invoice.Xero will not allow us to create a rule to assign standing order payments received to the relevant contact each month, meaning the manual processing of many receipts each month.
Just slightly confused about something... any help appreciated.I claim a percentage of my home rent for office use, but I pay the rent out of my personal account.I had been manually entering each of these as an expense claim then paying them using the account 'Owner Funds Introduced' because I am a sole trader and don't need to pay myself back... but this account says BAS excluded, and I want these expenses factored into BAS.... am I meant to change something or do this another way?
Hi,I'm running my first payrol for Australia and the first employee, it would appear no matter what start date I enter for the employee that the employee receives a full months pay; can anyone help here?In New Zealand we use smartpayrol and this pays staff from 15th to 15th but paid on the 20th, so if a staff member starts on the 1st of the month, they are paid a half months wages and then the next pay run they are paid a full salary; this is all automated.Is there something similar to smartpayrol settings in xero?Thanks in advanceBarry
There's obviously a problem in the set up, but the messages within Xero don't really help us pinpoint this issue.We initially thought this might have been an auto enrolment problem - our staging date is July, but we changed both NEST's auto enrolment dates and Xero's auto enrolment dates to May to see if this would resolve the issue, to no avail.When we go and create a pay run, there are no entries for pension contributions in the pension slips, so we're unsure how to solve this problem.Any hints or pointers welcome.Alvaro
CLUSTER 1115
Authorize.net provides a "Sync for Quickbooks" function which synchronizes transactions - eliminating the need to add these transactions manually and/or rely on another 3rd party app for creating/reconciling invoices & customers from shopping carts/hosting control panels/etc.Why build plugins for every e-commerce interface (of which there are hundreds) > when you can get everything you need directly from the gateway?
On the help page, it seems that I can only get a direct feed from my current account:Further down the page, it suggests that, if my account type is not eligible, then I could use a Yodlee feed, and there's a link to another help page, describing how to do that.
CLUSTER 1116
After creating invoices recently I applied all the credit notes.
There are two reports in xero which are called account transactions.
The overview on My Xero does not tell you whether the comments are yours or the client.
But I think because I didn't have it set up properly it's showing in the colour red.
CLUSTER 1122
I feel like I should be able to add a placeholder in units to say days per month or working days per month.Does anyone know if this is possible, or if there is a work around for it?At the moment I have set up repeating invoices to be automatic but I will have to edit them individually some months.
Hi allMy Paypal account is showing a difference in balance to XEROThere is a variance of £1500Im sure the Paypal is fine but as it has a direct feed to Xero and no body touches it except to reconcile Im not sure whats going on.Any ideas?Thanks
I will be sending some invoices by email but some customers require paper copies and I really don't want to choose between sending something that looks messy and sending an invoice without a contact email address on it.
This seems to be fine but when there are changes to inventory items (price increase for example) she can change it on new individual purchase orders or bills but cannot access the inventory item to change it there for all future purchase orders.
My card expired so Xero emailed me to say the payment collection failed.Would it be a good idea for Xero to warn me, pace Microsoft for email accounts, that my card is due to expire at month end?
This amount obviously changes each month with conversion rates etc but I wanted to ensure I was keeping some record of the Pound Sterling as opposed to right now when I end up changing the invoice to Australian dollars and inputting the exact amount in Australian dollars so I can reconcile.
we made a lump sum payment to an employee who was made redundant on July 3rd 2017 however when we went to process payment summaries for EOFY it is showing up on his payment summary for last year as well  It also shows up on the payment summary for the next financial year??
After a few months I've realised the Leave Category is Unpaid Leave and this can't be changed in this default Pay Item.Do I need to setup my own Pay Item with similar attributes but a Leave Category of Paid Leave to correctly calculate this income in Payruns?
I accidentally paid the pre tax amount to one of my employees last month.I tried to correct this by reversing the transaction + re-doing, but it seems the wages payable account 804 will not register a credit.
Has anyone had experience with a Xero Add-On for Petrol Service Stations in Aus called OzBiz Solutions?My client is using Ozbiz at present and it works very well except for the importing of charge card transactions.
CLUSTER 1123
General / Direct expenses / Travel - National?When I arrive at those film shoots, I have to buy lunch/coffee/refreshments as none are usually provided on set.
Hello,Does the value of discount applied when using the Xero Discount field on the Sales Invoice get coded to a separate GL account or just reduce Sales value?Thank youMichelle
I have reconciled June, Yes June isnt a complete month yet (but i need the report for another reason)Even though I have reconciled June it doesn't show in the "reports"Help anyone?
CLUSTER 1127
Therefore, there is a balance for Unearned Income at 12/31/15 that becomes the Sales opening entry for 2016.
I was in the field and pulled out my phone to use the app to check a the very first xero estimate that I had sent to a customer.
I have expenses in both AUD and USD for different divisions within the company which I use tracking categories to differentiate.
Just seems like a little x next to them on the contact screen would be really easy and convenient.
For each receipt in the claim the line item detail currently shows only the receipt claim status (ie.
This is the only downside of using Xero, everything else has been easier and better than Quickbooks, or MYOB online, for my business.
When I'm entering details of bills and other line items in Xero, I'm always having to enter a quantity of '1'.
HiI have just looked at the due date options and some of them are straight forward but a couple of them I can't see the difference.
I am now going back to create pay runs etc but can't find the best way of creating these pay runs.
Since switching to Xero I have found this a difficult task as there is no way for me to record locations against paycheque items.
CLUSTER 1129
The screen still clearly shows "GST Excluded"!!!
At one point when people were paying me I was just depositing it in to my own account.
I know they've looked at the invoice as it's been paid, but no status change.
I took amount of time to do this bank reconciliation job.
CLUSTER 1130
The customer made a transfer for whole amount but Bank of America keep $25 fee for this transaction.
There may be an amount owed to them, or refund for the company.I am wondering the best way to record this in Xero.
Not ideal!So I have setup a new Contact called Staff and merged all of the employee contacts into the Staff contact.
However, in MYOB they have a transaction recap (CTRL R) which shows you the effect on the ledger that is about to occur.
I've also checked the invoices I'm trying to reconcile for any abnormalities but all looks OK/usual.Thanks,Chris
CLUSTER 1135
I am a sole trading consultant.I incur costs (disbursements) during my engagements.I then invoice my client for my time and any other costs incurred.I code my disbursements against various GL codes (typical example, i am paying for a Microsoft 365 account for a client and so code these costs to an IT cost code (under GOGS not Assets).
The feeds work for a few weeks and then fail and my client has to contact Xero to get it fixed which usually takes a few days, sometimes 4 or 5 working days.I love xero but this is not the kind of seamless bank feed integration that I expect from XeroDoes anyone else have this problem with BOS or any other UK banks?
CLUSTER 1137
Or is there another solution to locate specific expense claims that are awaiting payment by the term that's in the description field?
Could an email be generated to the Xero payroll users of an organisation when super is due and not yet processed?
When a tax invoice is issued, it is an official document that has to be entered into the accounts regardless of whether it is approved for payment or not.
Currently the "ERROR" tab needs to be reviewed, or you have to confirm the lodgement of the return to be sure it has been sent.
Usually we would click on the link and we could make the payment with eWay but it looks like I can now only preview the invoice.
I have looked for the missing paid invoice in the day before and after statements to restore but just cannot find the missing invoice.
CLUSTER 1138
Also to make sure that the managers are not approving their own leave requests; everyone has someone higher to approve their leave request.I suggest having a note at the bottom of the leave request that shows who the approver was.
I've just switched to Xero from Quickbooks and everything has gone smoothly so far until it came to setting up pension scheme details and paying my staff!We're in the People's Pension, but I cannot connect to it via the Workplace Pensions tab in Payroll Settings.
So when we wish to send a quote to someone new, I paste in the customer name and Xero recognises it as a new customer, but there is no where to enter an address at the same time.So I have to save the quote, then go and find the customer.
CLUSTER 1139
This however does not help as the reconciliation report becomes meaningless.
Requesting the option to in some way brand each company page.
CLUSTER 1148
Does anyone know what I would be doing in these two circumstances.- Customer advance pays me in full for $300 invoice (they wanted to pay before june 30) which goes into my bank account.- I reconcile the $300 from the bank feed and mark invoice as paid.- When job goes ahead customer changes mind and doesn't want to go ahead with part of the service.
We have been using the XERO Woocommerce plugin integration on our Woocommerce site successully for years now but in the last 2 months it has been throwing the following error when a discount code is used on an online sale from the website and it cannot create the invoice in Xero.
CLUSTER 1149
I'd like to be able to track the tax liability to ensure that I'm setting aside enough tax, and also see what my bottom line profit is.Thanks in advance!
This could then show on the bills input screen and also on the aged creditors list so I know which bills I need to pay and which will be taken automatically by direct debit etc.
I keep getting an error message "The file could not be imported because the first row does not contain the mandatory fields - Code, Name, Type, Tax Code.
Xero just changed something I use ALL THE TIME.My invoices require lots of header details such as purchase order, account payee, work item etc.
I could make an adjustment in the bank reconciliation screen in bank charges of -£13, but having a negative bak charge may look a bit strange.
I processed the pay that week, which included the reimbursement.However, when it came time to reconcile the payment with my bank statement, I had a pay item to reconcile to, but I had nothing to reconcile the reimbursement to.
For the payroll opening balances section, is the date of conversion 1 July 2015 even though no pay runs or leave has been accrued in Xero during this time?
CLUSTER 1152
This means that I have to record $2000 of invoices in Xero, and then manually mark them as paid because I need to print the invoice off to give to the customer.
Any ideas what the best way of doing this is?I have had the suggestion of importing the chart of accounts into a new file, but then I wouldn't get all the bank reconciliation rulesThanks,Jeremy
Then once accepted by the client they becomes the subscriber, but the recommender is automatically added as an adviser.Then the adviser can setup the chart and all other matters, but not be responsible for paying the subscription.
This would save quite a bit time from uploading them under the individual contacts if they were saved at the batch payment point.Many thanks
My idea is that when you reconcile a payment a pop up asks you if you want to send an automated 'Payment received with thanks' e-mail to the customer.
The recent change of being to assign a create transaction to a tracking option (from the bank rec screen) is excactly what I've always wanted.
CLUSTER 1153
Is it possible to generate a report under Zero that breaks overall sales down into the different branding?
My company has bought an asset (a website) and it is showing on the bank feeds as the money spent.
Only trouble is that I've been categorising them incorrectly and filing the purchases as fixed assets under the assets tab.
I'd like to be able to show the budget manager to different people in different formats.
I'm guessing that the built-in app will be fine at this stage, but what I'm really wondering is what the transition point is?
CLUSTER 1163
I have one Credit Card Business account but they are split into several different credit cards.
It would be preferable to see all the unreconciled transactions rather than deal with them one at a time with the match feature.
The only way I can see at the moment, is to run the Aged Payables report, and check each invoice individually.
Hi thereI can't find any information on how to import my BBX New Zealand transactions into Xero.
if i put the total in as $100 and the current lines i have entered add up to $80, that the balance left is $20.
Hi, In Mexico the official Invoice is called a Factura which when generated is automatically linked to the tax department.
I love the idea behind the budget manager but it seems like it needs a touch more customization.
It doesn't have to be an advanced multi-warehouse system, but something that will allow me to keep tabs of my stock from within Xero.
It seems ridiculous to have to run a report on all paid invoices, then export and then sort all when you are only interested in one supplier.
The second issue I have been having which is much more frustrating is the alert when you enter a duplicate bill has also stopped working.
CLUSTER 1170
I'm self-employed in the UK, but also do casual work for an employer who pays me via PAYE.
Seems like the logical is that my equity base is that example $15,000, is it not?Thank you in advance.
I would like to do this without making adjustments that actually show on my income or expense statements.Thanks.
As soon as one is saved in one it should automatically appear in the other owners tax return when you open and refresh it.
I follow the instructions over and over again - but never seems to work - can we have a separate BSB and ACCOUNT number field
CLUSTER 1178
** Using Chrome we have Plugins  for understanding who we are talking to** ^^ , for tracking the sales pipeline for our bigger business* CRM we use , it's easy, understandable by all the family and is copied most all emails we entertain*  for what, when, where, how.
my client is setting up Mth 1 payroll and the pension contributions are coming off the total salary including commission and not just the basichave raised 3 support tickets, but Xero failed to supply any responseany ideas?
CLUSTER 1180
Xero does not look like it has much in the way of analysis or graphing, without needing an add on.
It is peculiar that details of bill are not shown on the pdf generated for the remittance advice; just the summary line appears.
CLUSTER 1182
Hi,As a small business switching to Xero from an old accounting system, we are keen to know the benefits we can experience in terms of reducing task we required an external accountant to perform at year end.
ive had my head in getapp and google for the last few days, searching for the perfect scheduling and businsess management software that connects with xero.None of them do everything i want, but the xero integration is essential and i might be able to do everything i need if the app also has zapier integrations.
If you delete a category then it does not show up on reports which is great, but we have one client who had multiple tracking options with a particular category, and while they have consolidated these into a lot less options the old tracking options still show up on reports.
It would be useful if when creating a bank rule you could specify the amount going to different account codes, instead of just percentages as i find the 2 decimal places is not accurate enough to match my required figures.
The annual leave had been previously been entered and approved under the "leave" tab in each employee's file.My problem is that although we wish to track leave across each category, the option to choose this does not appear in the drop down menu in the timesheet.
The payslips are behaving and showing set accrued leave and total pay but the hourly rate and hours change depending on the number of working days in that half of the month and I cannot seem to find an explanation how to fix it.
CLUSTER 1184
Find & Recode currently does not find manual journals, so we can't do a bulk recode.In one case we had a client with 1,700+ journals from an add-on in one month and they were posted all over the place.
I want to recommend Xero to my clients but the current subscription levels are not competitive plus this is a new addition with lots of teething problems so it seems wrong that Xero is charging more than software providers that have been around for years!
CLUSTER 1185
Hi,  I am new to zero and am trying to navigate the reporting function.i am trying to look at all of the transactions in my suspense account but because it has a zero balance it does not show on my reports.
Xero says ERROR: "the document total does not equal the sum of the lines"I manually calculated the value of all the invoices and purchase orders I entered ($1258.80) and found that the total amount i got was $1.00 off the amount that Xero say 'Money must match' ($1259.80).
CLUSTER 1189
If the users choose "save draft" the individual receipt is saved as a draft and it appears under "Current Claims" with all the other entered but not submitted receipts when the user logs onto the Expense Claim module on the website.
I use the suspense account for batch payments to suspense account but am unable to use a batch deposit to suspense account to enable contra'd bank payment
for Bill Pay.The benefit to this is that I don't have to go to my bank portal to send the check, then enter the info again in my accounting software.Thanks for the advice,Chuck
CLUSTER 1195
Another reason that they don't want to have an intermediary stage to generate invoice numbers is that they create many invoices manually in Xero and want the numbering sequence and format to remain consistent.All help gratefully received.
I have a lot of different people I invoice that work at the same company so it sucks that there is a default address that is usually the wrong person which means i have to go into my mail and copy and paste the correct email.This cant be too hard to achieve as its a very common feature.Cheers,         Stephen
I've set up different cost codes in the chart of accounts but didn't want to have to make journals at month end each month to reflect the Build of materials and cost of good sold.Any recommendations on what we can use?Thank you
CLUSTER 1197
If I don't want to allocate at this stage I press skip and it takes me back to the approved Bill rather than to a 'New Bill' page.
So my feature request is once a client has signed up for DocuSign they are given an option to either sign the return (e.g.
If the invoice has come via email, it not efficient to have to save the file, just to rename it and then attach it to another email to send it to Xero.
Sarah only has 4 hours sick leave but has been sick for 37.5 hours in the next payroll.
(I know that the client is not gst registered, however I have always been under the impression that all information on receipt/invoice is the be noted)Is this not right?
CLUSTER 1201
I could just create an invoice for the £470.01 every month, but I would like to track the letting agent fee.I've read about Contra Payments on here and Suspense account but I can't quite work out how to do it.
I upload the 'clean' receipt photo to dropbox and then download again to xero's new expense.I think it would be great to add the same functionality as those camscan apps (or link up with one of them).
At the moment CS Cart only links with QB so I think there would be a good market there for tech-savy online retailers who want a nice seamless integration between their online store and their accounts.
CLUSTER 1202
If I go to Account Transactions all of the transactions have "reconciled" next to them, but if I try to mark as reconciled I get a message telling me they are already reconciled.2.
reason...then the inventory asset is up to date and correct, but its debit in Historical Adjustment and we want to balance that account (Historical Adjustment) to 0 after all.Is it possible?
Dear Xero community,I'm currently looking into invoicing one of our clients with (direct) expenses for services we paid for on behalf of them over the last year.
previous to this month (March 2017), but I have now found that I have made a mistake in the details of each - I have set up approx 12 repeating invoices per month.
You have unreconciled Xero transactions ready to match when bank statement lines arrive"This is the message showed on the screen after I completed a bank reconciliation.
This won't allow me to track an accurate inventory of how many cans of WD40 or rags I have on hand, but that's not an issue because consumables are expected to be consumed and replenished when low.
In Wave we make this manually through journal transactions.My problem with Xero is that the total cost of my products for resale include more than one bill/supplier.
I'm pretty sure I understand how sale/disposal of assets works in general.The problem is that I don't see where my cash account will be debited for the money that came in.
For it to work we'd have to enter the second persons log in details when we refresh the feed but that's not an option even with the "allow others to refresh feed"tickedNige
Hi All,I have just started up an LLC in NZ - and had some startup expenditure (such as power tools etc) that I purchased from my personal account before the business account was established.
When I imported a spreadsheet to a Xero Cash account I now realise that it contains both cash and bank payments (payments in two different Xero accounts).
However, the sales invoice / invoice payment is not showing-up in the reconciliation tool when I try to match the imported bank payment with the Xero transaction.
When he gets paid cash he is then using that cash to pay for business invoices, so essentially its business cash but its not recorded or banked in the account first.
We use Xero for billing and accounts receivable, but do not want it to interface into the general ledger - we want only the bank transactions to apply to the general ledger.
If you're not on the flat rate scheme you'd normally still report this in Box 6 but if you are on the flat rate scheme you should specifically exclude it from Box 6.
I am not an accountant and have been scouring the Xero help pages and community discussions and Google to try to understand how we should best do this, but I can't seem to find an appropriate response.
Apparently, the central review process when I  submit them for approval is onerous when I do it one step at a time (another thing you might want to address).
One feature that we would really appreciate Coreplus and Xero developing is the ability for the data import from Coreplus to Xero to be "by Site" from Coreplus.
This would reduce the amount of time I spend now entering them.But please if there is an easier way of doing this than I do now please let me know because it frustrates me every time I have to do it.
But if I have a W-9 to attach to the contact i have to go through to Contacts>Query name>Edit name>Select File>Drag or Upload file.
It would be great to have a listing of batch payments somewhere in Purchases rather than having to click through the invoice payment to find the batch payment it was included in.
Now, I need to go to Accounts, Sales then "See All" above Quotes.Can you please add the "Quotes" direct link (same as "See All") somewhere in the front page?
HiAlthough the graphs look pretty it would be useful if we had the option to see them rather than they appear when the bankk accounts page is loaded     its clutterTerry
This would also shorten the report as if you code something to an account that has a default GST but the contact does not normally have GST then this shows on the exception report.
In the "New Reports", it would be helpful if we could select all GL accounts of a type - eg all Income Accounts, all Expenses, all Assets etc.
The only way at the moment is to save the template, exit, send yourself an email then go back in and change as required.Also a print facility whilst you are at it
My client has just rejected several invoices due to the fact that when you click the link the online version of the invoice only shows 'Invoice' and not 'Tax Invoice'.
"Is this something on the XERO roadmap to have multiple record types when it comes to bank accounts, be it a credit liability account or a regular checking account?
When are you going to provide a proper chart of accounts for a partnership so we don't have to modify every partnership we add to Xero because the chart of accounts you provide is for a company?
I also note that it can be quite slow to generate, especially when working on a large files.I would be interested to hear if people have any other suggestions for this report.
Essentially the same as the P&L report that compares actual to budget, but instead it would compare this years data to last years with variances.
Reason I say this is, when I'm creating an invoice from the dashboard, it takes me a while to navigate through 2 screens to finally get to the button to create a new invoice.
What control procedures do you use to ensure the accuracy and verify that correct bank information is saved in the aba and uploaded directly to online banking.
So when Invoices are paid by Cheque i would like to be able to record them as paid by cheque, then i should be able to do a print out to take with the Cheques to be deposited at the bank.
I can go to the chart of accounts and see the values there, write them down, then do new "Spend Money" transactions where I re-type the values from the monthly liabilities manually.
Legislation in the C&K / school industry requires 2 signatures on all payments / outgoings which means they can't use the Xerp auto super.
Hi,Just a couple of suggestions to improve the Payroll.When I click into Payroll -> Employees, it shows all of the current employees, and separates the finished workers in History.
It takes a lot of unnecessary time every time I need to add them under settings -> tracking before I can tag the bills and invoices with the tracking number.
Same issueAlso I've noticed that LastPass (chrome extension) breaks this page by preventing any of the form controls from receiving focus.Please can someone help?
When I went to email a payment reminder emailto the client, I noticed that the total due referred to in the payment reminder email was the original amount.
I mean we are in the automated age are we not?My business has a very simple operation no different to hundreds and thousands of others but this EFTPOS thing has me stumped.Any help appreciated.
Also, I have been looking for a good no nonsense guide to what we need to report to the US regarding the ongoing business, i.e tax, sales, etc?
I entered about 30 manual entries but only half of them show up in the account transaction report...I entered them all the same way, so I can't figure out why I can't get the others to appear.
At the moment the pdf invoice gets attached to the first of the two bills we enter, and is not available in the inbox to attach to the second invoice we enter.
It is so annoying having to unreconcile the payment and then reconcile it again.In addition, we use xero for credit cards which do not have bank feeds for, so we set the statement up each month as a bill.
I know that my costs that I pass trough are approximately 5%, therefore I would like to have a second line on the invoice that is 5% of the service line.
Is there a way that this can be populated from a value set in the API?I found that the BatchPayment.Details field seems to be the field that populates that column, but this is read only by the API.
The Pay Now button is posted on my Invoices just fine, but the  does not appear on my Pro-forma invoices.What am I missing?All the best, Dan ChambersDraft Wheelchairs Ltd
I want to be able to put the biggest purchase at the top (in our case a machine) and then the parts to go with that machine underneath.Any advice?Thanks,Amanda
This has been happening since Monday (maybe last Friday) but we have all had issues of not being able to see documents that have been attached to supplier invoices when using Chrome.
I have had instances (my boss raised invoices from home - did not copy me in or print a copy) I then have to reprint a batch of invoices but do not know who the customer is only the invoice numbers.
When looking at the sales invoice dashboard my dash board shows that the total due on awaiting invoices is less that the amount of overdue invoices.
Hi All,The company I work for has recently set up a sister company in Lisbon and to date they have been using an accountancy firm that provides very little for their fee.
Right now I have to change the unit price manually when preparing a quote for someone in Europe which is very time consuming when you have 20-40 items in a quote.
I would like to restrict our staff that currently need a Standard User role to enable them to Receive and spend money but not have access to all the reports.
When you report on balance sheet accounts and you tick "show opening and closing balances" The report does not show these where the account does not have any transactions for the period you are reporting on.
But it doesn't seem right as that would make it look like I've earned the £11.33 as revenue, when that isn't the reality.Any advice greatly appreciated.Thank you.
The PayPal fee reversal was worth $1.10.A) The amount they take from your bank account is "Refund Amount" minus "Fee Reversal".
Your action must occur after this date"The client now has the invoice copy but I am still unable to void the invoice as the same error message comes up when I try.
Hi All,I'm hoping some one will be able to help with this tricky problem I have.I run a childrens entertainment business where all the entertainers are sub-contractors with their own ABN.
Hi,I need a hand to delete a trial business account so I can use that email address to sign up to the paid account that my company has now bought.
I set up automatic import of PayPal transactions but have just started to notice that when I make a refund, the transaction concerning the refund of the fees isn't being imported in Xero.
I'm running the Payroll Activity report and notice that the Pre-tax Voluntary Contribution (RESC) amount for my employees is marked as Excluded from W1.
Calculation (ie reported as a negative reducing W1 total value)Does anyone know where I can change the Excluded from W1 to Included?thanks
Hi -When i put in a leave request under the employee for some reason xero isnt calculating the amount of hours this is calculated as it just comes up as 0 hours ??
I need to correct the situation but I'm a little unsure, I know I can do it with an Unscheduled pay run but I'm unsure if I need to do a correction for the SGC and the leave balances?
I think Xero changed something in Payroll about this time which i missed initially and had to go back and alter.Could this be the cause?regards Ian
I have followed all of the ideas on here but just can't get it to work, have e mailed support but need to get payroll completed urgently!Thanks in advance!Max.
HI All,I run a small cafe and staff often purchase food from the cafe for their lunch or sometimes we offer them some of our products at wholesale rates.
It is the end of the year and as I reconcile each employees payment summary, I noticed that one employee summary shows super being paid that wasn't actually paid.
As I did not think it fitted into any other category.They wish to have PAYG and SG taken out of each lump sum...I'm hoping that this is the right avenue to go with?Please confirm
Is it 100 employees or 100 payments?We have 76 employees in a company and would like to look at Xero for the Employee Self Service and Payroll.
!This is fine for the entire payroll however when an employee wishes to know their YTD amounts it would be useful if their name were included on the report.RobynL
We are in California and recently started setting up the Payroll module and I am finding it is missing some important functions:We will only be using Xero for internal accounting and detail.
Approve Timesheets - Painfully slow as if someone was on holiday it's not shown, so there's just a blank against that day and I have to work out if they were on holiday/sick etc.Step 2.
Please, if anyone can help - timely response hugely appreciated - payroll normally uploaded to the bank tomorrowSorry to sound like a Dunce!
This is actually very important as that 1% figure is the minimum and we would be breaking regulations by setting 0.8% - which is what some of the help notes suggest  we should do.ThanksYaron
I've currently got all employees set up on the Each Hour Worked method of holiday accrual because nobody here is on fully set hours, that's the nature of this business.
I'm happy to re-instate the employee but would appreciate some help with adding the tax free redundancy pay value and re-submitting the RTI data.
The supplied user credentials failed validation for the requested service.I have changed my user ID to my Agent as that is what I should have used for submission.How do I resubmit?ThanksAlan
The only solution I have seen so far is complex and ridiculous.Also the bank files don't push through to the bank account, and when I download them it didn't even work in ASB.
If I choose End Employment will it delete them from the current pay run or will it include them and automatically pay them out their owed annual leave?Thanks,Vicki
Custom dashboards, reporting & scorecards help you eliminate the data silo and view your Xero metrics along with all the KPIs that run your business.
Any tips?Seamless integration of Concur Expense and Invoice to streamline and automate your expenditure processes all within one enterprise level platform.
Any tips?Simple data backup - protect your business info with weekly or monthly backups of your Xero data sent directly to your inbox.
Any tips?ExpenseMagic is an iPhone app and cloud service that helps you capture receipts on the move and easily claim every expense, check out .
Any tips?OneSaas connectors allow you to integrate Xero with a growing range of other specialized online software to manage all aspects of your business, check out .
Will having the eway add on and the feed that comes with that, make reconciliation any more efficient than it already is with the bank feed?I have one trouble with reconciling from the bank feed.
does anybody know of any addons that could handle the sales invoices and receipts outside of Xero and just have a monthly journal coming in to record sales?
I've had a look at all the inventory management add-ons and just see them as unnecessary as he may buy and sell about 30 cars a quarter.Thank you.Georgina
One function I'm really missing is the Sales by Customer Detail report, which gives me a report that breaks down items sold to individual accounts.
We plan to launch the app in Australia and New Zealand before the end of the year which will also coincide with version 2 of the add-on which will have additional functionality.
pros/cons, etc.I'm leaning towards the Edge Hosting as it appears to focused/specialised relative to the more generic OneSaas solution.Thanks.
A very good CRM solution which is missing an integration with invoice creation from a won deal.Hope this can be made and reduce the double entry of data.E
Over the past number of weeks the Search function on the Dashboard (which is really handy and we use it a lot) has been very slow to show results and sometimes it does not work at all.
I have a query in regard to Xero Certificate, send it to Xero Support but never heard anything back in more than 1 day.The reference is CX0005035197.
It's as simple as this: Please provide it.Please be aware I am adding this to the complaint I have already drafted to the ACCC in regards to false advertising and failure to deliver.
If you post a topic with a £ sign, then edit the topic, the £ sign is replaced with &#163;When you save the edited topic, the &#163; isn't converted back to a £ sign.
Brittanny, whom I gather is the administrator of this board, has now written an email directly to me saying that  " I've moved this off Community as I didn't want to publish your email address publicly.
What control procedures do you use to ensure the accuracy and verify that correct bank information is saved in the aba and uploaded directly to online banking.
I'd love to see batch payments or 'batch repeipt' on the sales side rather than just on the purchasing side, but understand that they are working hard to rectify this when they can.
I know I have fought with other programs on these issues and struggled to get help when I'm stuck, being placed in an automated call que or never having my emails responded to!
I have tried:logging off and back inopening other Client's Payroll sections, non of which would openopening the Xero account on a Mac and on a PCopeing in Chrome.
Nothing changes here and if it does, you do not really have a clear and consistent way of communicating that change.I have more to say, but at this point I just want to give you the opportunity to scoff at my complaints.
The system seems to have been designed for mom & pop firms then tweaked to cater for international companies looking to benefit from Cloud accounting architectures.
This change means that feature is now usable (previously useless) and comes in handy when chasing up late payers when they say they never received the invoice.
CLUSTER 1204
I prepaid an annual subscription that I would like to record as a prepayment but I won't get monthly invoices to apply the prepayment to.
The reason is that when some items include GST and others don't it is not simple to look at the invoice and know whether the correct GST has been applied.Thanks for any help
When uploading assets using the import template, we noticed that it does not include columns for the tax depreciation information (e.g.
Today I tried changing and then instantly triggering a payrun but it just showed the same two lots of his regular hours at the old rate.
CLUSTER 1209
Making Billable Expenses appear in RED BOLD on the invoices so that anyone who sees it knows that it is a cost to us.
Please allow direct integration with eventbrite, why must we use a third party app to do it when we have paid for Xero :)
CLUSTER 1213
Labour only industries), will mean that for those businesses that remain on the FRS there will be an overlapping period where their FRS rate is e.g 14.5% for one or two months then changing to 16.5% in the same return period.How does Xero intend to deal with this overlap on the system to reflect the two rates in one return period?I guess  this question is also relevant to 1st year discounts.
However, the issue is that when the bankfeeds come through they put the items straight to sales or straight to cost of sales for instance and effectively both income and expenses can be doubled.Often we explain to the clients what they are doing wrong but the mistakes still happen on a large scale and it is a very time consuming process to reconcile.
Hi,For example;Rent due from my tenant - £500Agent management fee - £50Agent fee to repair boiler - £50Balance sent to me by agent - £400Recording the £400 is easy enough but how do I account for the agent fees when reconciling the bank statement?Thanks in advance,Michael
Hi, How does xero calculate the following: Hair and Beauty Industry Award 2010.An employee who gets annual leave has to be paid their base pay rate plus the higher of:a 17.5% loading orthe shift loadings including any weekend penalties the employee normally gets.Please help ASAP.thanks, Eva
just noticed that under the "accounts" tab is an option called "Pay run" which seems to be a different way of processing pays rather than the option under the "Payroll" tab - can anyone please tell me the difference and why there appear to be 2 ways of doing the same thing, which one should be used under what circumstances etc?ThanksJonty
Today I entered in week by week the amounts for 2 staff for past 6 months as well as accurately entering the payment date for each pay run so that it matched what date it was sent from my bank account.The issue I have now though is all the transactions from my bank feeds that are for pays are all still sitting there waiting to be reconciled.
CLUSTER 1219
In return for a few minutes of your time - we will provide our service free for a year in New Zealand and of course buy you a drink.Daniel, our friendly CEO is in town and would be delighted to meet and hear your thoughts :)Please contact us here or directly at daniel.walker@dragonlaw.io
When you attach a file from your File Library to an item or transaction, the file is removed from your library.I think it would make more sense if the files stayed in your library instead of being removed.This allows the same file to be attached to multiple items, as I occasionally have a requirement for.
We've now paid the balance owing and this 2nd transaction has created a duplicate fixed asset record.I will probably delete the new fixed asset but would like to be able to have both the deposit and balance payment transactions linked to the asset record.
Hi,I have a client that has paid off a lot of invoices for the one deposit transaction.When I click on "Find & Match" the reference number does not show the invoice numbers to match to?How can I be sure which ones should be matched without an invoice number after they arepaid off?ThanksSally.
The award he is employed under states that the leave loading is to be calculated as 17.5% of his ordinary rate of pay (that means without the over-award payment).I've set up his pay rate as two components under Settings > Payroll Settings > Pay Items.Both are Ordinary Time Earnings.
One of my clients has recently purchased a company and has taken over the outstanding leave entitlement for the staff.I'm not sure if I should enter this into the opening balances as Annual Leave (which doesn't let me put in a rate or dollars but I could put the hours) or Holiday pay so I can enter the dollar amountAny suggestions would be appreciated
CLUSTER 1221
That is the Quickbooks “Income Tax” report that breaks down all my Schedule C items such as:Gross Receipts  or SalesAdvertisingCar & Truck Expensesetc, etc, etc.Thanks!
Unhappily, the formatting of these schedules leaves something to be desired.When editing a report pack in My Xero, there is  option to control the font size of the heading for the text that defines a note item.
I tried to export the employee contact report but that only seemed to export the name into an excel file, not all details and not in the same columns needed to import into the contacts area.
Im using windows 10 but dont know how to associate a program to xero to it.All the other xero running PC's in my firm can do without having to do any association of programs.thanks
I do not understand the difference.Next When i run a monthly balance sheet my wages 804  are double what the total of 477,  how can i fix this or is it normal?Please see link for the report thanks Andrew
We would like to be able to pay it from the corresponding bank account.We also have employees that work across different stores.Does anybody know how to treat this situation in Xero?Thank you!
CLUSTER 1222
We import and are unable to add the tax rate GST on import to our chart of accounts.Does anyone know a fix for this.
We are currently doing this via tracking categories and assigning a code to each project and then allocating income and expenses against this category.
The dashboard shows the different account totals, but no where does it add them up to give me a total of them so I can, at a glance, see how much is in all of my accounts.
When I reconcile receipt of payment for an invoice, I would love the ability to trigger a payment receipt email to my clients.
Hi, Is there an option to have pro rata items on the invoice that would for example bill for services for part of a month?
CLUSTER 1225
We send invoices in NZ$ and have a NZ bank account.I noticed that when I enter an invoice in NZ$ it gets converted to sterling at the current days exchange rate.Does that mean the value in sterling of my invoice will change on a daily basis.
Am I able to import invoices from before my conversion date that aren't outstanding?It is very important that I am able to reference past invoices without going to my previous system and I'm just looking for a bit of guidance on the best practise for this conversion.Thanks,
CLUSTER 1226
We are using Ush - which is approx 3400/= to the USD$.
The problem is that Paypal then adds 20% VAT again.
How can I allocate my prepayment without coding to an invoice?
Those invoices are made up of two items:1.
While they work essentially like partnerships, they are corporations.
If I didn't understand it we weren't doing it.I have just had my first SMSF Audit done.
This is my problem.I got this ltd and i am the only employee as a director.
CLUSTER 1230
I have recently printed out my BAS GST Audit Report and some of my payments to suppliers only shows our company name in the reference box, and not the invoice reference like it used to.
How ever upon looking at the Trial Balance i have noticed that an amount of &#163;1337.77 for Postage, Courier (Code 425) is showing in the Trial Balance as Heating Lighting (Code 445).
CLUSTER 1231
When preparing reports in Xero and editing groups the default currently is the the name of the group becomes the heading in the total line.
It would also be easy to see if you have already invoiced against an order number without having to open every invoice to see if you have.3.
I'm setting up payroll in Xero for our company and have taken a look at the employee time off settings - it's nearly perfect for us, but the approvals part is a bit too basic.
WHEN RUNNING PAYROLL REPORTS I NOTICE THAT IF YOU WISH TO RUN A REPORT FOR JUST ONE EMPLOYEE, THAT NOWHERE ON THE REPORT DOES IT PROVIDE THAT EMPLOYEES NAME.
If I buy fuel and want to add it to the xero app I way want to split it as 80% business and 20% private use
When I try to access some of the tabs on an employee's file I get the above message for the details, leave, bank account, payslips and some other tabs, and the formatting is all over the place.
The bank obviously only has a single transaction against it.Payroll should know what the breakdown is between PAYE, NIC (employee), NIC (employer) and my employers allowance.
If I try and do a payrun no employee has any hours - It is important that I get this sorted as soon as possible because i cant pay the wages .... extremely frustrating
HI there, The new roll out of the invoicing screen 'improvements' does not seem very user friendly?The description box only offers a tiny text entry box?
CLUSTER 1232
Does that make sense?I was hoping I could create and inventory item e.g Filter Unit and then select each of the components used...is this possible.
So when I have a client posting purchase ledger for example, I can lock the purchase ledger but leave everything else open.
CLUSTER 1234
)2.2) On the 'Receive Money' form, the 'From' is the loan recipient: So & So (created in 1.4 above.
Frustratingly, I could see a bar graph, visualising the transaction amounts, but no obvious way to view them.
When making a pay run Xero correctly calculates the income tax paid but not the Employee NIC - it shows it as nil.
CLUSTER 1235
As we need to invoice the merchants and customer monthly as a Statement, we create a spread sheet outside of Xero with all the balance received from them for the last month and mail them.In the end of every quarter, we pay the Charities and Card-holder the actual amount they owe from us.
I don't think this is right at all as for example (maybe not the best example) there might be 2 people in organisation that don't like each other and one is trying their 'best' to perform better than the other person.....or even click on 'Delete note' in error.I personally think there should be an option to edit note only by the user that's logged in - not for anyone else and no option to delete.Thanks
CLUSTER 1237
They show in invoices on the customer side and in the inventory list itself but they're not available for use in bills - there's nothing there at all.Anyone got any ideas on this one please?RegardsDave
This is especially evident when an employee starts mid-month, where the "x hours per month accrual" technique results in too much accrual.
CLUSTER 1238
And on another bank, the description is not published at all.I can appreciate that this is difficult to manage; as the banks would have their own systems and implementation of the data feed service - but is there any way that obvious things like this could be corrected?Alternatively, is it possible to put more pressure on the banks so that things like this can be corrected over time?
the client could even raise requests to the Accountant here perhaps.I love Bank Rec Discuss - useful for raising queries to do with unreconciled transactions, but limited to unreconciled bank transactions.I love Files - clients send anything they are not sure what to do with to Files and we process them.
When reconciling statement lines and creating a transaction, it would be nice to also have a "Reference" field under the Description field rather than having to click "Add details" just to add a reference for the transaction.I know its only something small, but when there are a lot of lines to reconcile, the less clicking you have to do the better.
I would like to be able to match 2 (or more) bank deposits to 1 Invoice PaymentThis occurs regularly via add-on's when they apply 1 Payment to a Daily Sales invoice even though that payment may be received in the account separately e.g.
On the whole we have been able to explain this to staff and while not 100% happy with it working like this they are happy to roll with it.However, the next issue we have had occur (over the past month it has again been highlighted to us) is the following:Employee X's payslip didnt update from 4/12 with 72 hours of AL to 18/12 which again showed 72 hours of AL.What we understand happens is:•	1 day or 8 hours of AL accrues for Employee X.
CLUSTER 1239
Hey Xero community,I'm hoping to find some friendly advice on which accounting software to choose.
Can we have a report that allows us to export employee details (Name, Address, Date of Birth, NI No.
CLUSTER 1240
I thought about creating an invoice from me as an individual, billing the company for the use of the home/power etc, but then I wondered about how GST gets handled in all that.
Or if there was a link to the desktop version, even if it is not optimised of mobile.But really it would be great if recipients could access the complete invoice on their phone.
CLUSTER 1243
Now I need to assign the 10k to the 21k invoice as a part payment like most account packages allows.However it seems difficult to do that.
When bills are being approved or invoices are being chased, the user always has to click "view notes" - but if the notes were always visable - or with the option to default to hide or unhide??
CLUSTER 1246
Hi thereI am trying to journal against unpaid expense claims which is 801 this needs to be a debit entry from end of year adjustments.
At the time, I did not have an Importers number and paid all associated GST and PST at the time I crossed the border in one lump sum.
We have a number of users and we ask them to ensure they tick the VAT inclusive button when creating them but they often forget and we end up with figures in our VAT account which we then have to journal out which is a bit of a pain.
CLUSTER 1248
He has NOT validated the entries by comparing them to the REAL bank statement.
At the moment you have to click in the search box before you start a search.
CLUSTER 1255
One of the big, big advantages of migrating to a cloud-based solution such as Xero is that it would allow me to access and work with accounting data from home on evenings and weekends.)
So I would have thought that as the staff member reached is anniversary date, an amount of $450 would have been accrued for the month to the anniversary date then reversed the $6,000 to hours (160 for the year).
CLUSTER 1257
Do we need to be concerned with regards to the security of your program?
Hi guys,Just trialling out Xero at the moment.
Please can you add Reference to that list?ThanksAndy
The reminder will only stop when the leave is approved or rejected?
CLUSTER 1258
60+ forecasts each qtr.When reporting you then have to select the tracking options against the matching budget.This is common practice among high end ERP's (ie Microsoft Dynamics) and feel the development to include the 2 tracking layers into budget manager wouldn't be huge.
This makes for a bit of a headache as things keep changing!The current lock date feature is great if your clients are standard users or below, but not when they are advisers also.Thanks!
CLUSTER 1262
I'm now entering a new conversion bill for that American Express balance and the question is which expense account do I code it to?
We invoice alot as we are a mobile business and this is a big pain when we have to keep selecting the due date.
It's especially important in some organisations where a number of people have the ability to improve leave, but can only approve certain employees' leave.
(Note, I have not used Square yet to do a payment so I am not totally sure how it works, but this question is based on what I have read.)
A couple of weeks later we need to select the remaining items that haven't been shipped and create a packing slip for them.
Not sure the official accounting term for this, but maybe called something like Service Date Range.
I will walk you through Datamolino and let you know when the Xero integration is ready for testing.Looking forward to hearing from you!
CLUSTER 1263
This year we can't fins any links to Annual report pack.
My accountant has ask me to email them the "Accountants Annual Report".
CLUSTER 1264
I have a small business (don't we all) that purchases a fair amount of inventory (in proportion to the size of the business).
I originally had a book keeper doing the xero stuff and I asked about it but it never got resolved.
Manually edit the manual journals that were wrong, which, with that volume, was difficult to achieve accurately.
HiI've been trying to enter annual leave for an employee the approve button is not highlighted.
I was using a WYSIWYG editor online before the year 2000 and in case you haven't heard, it is now 2014.
CLUSTER 1267
As I was unaware of this practice, I have been reconciling these direct deposits to sales which has resulted in the sale being counted as paid twice.
The ability to create and email remittance advices/supplier statements to suppliers to let them know which invoices have been paid.---
So all the features are available but the integrator (Bluegem) can only access a specific set of company accounts vetted by Xero.
Still awaiting final clarification, but the feed date we are being asked for by Xero does not match our data for corporate banking.
CLUSTER 1274
Hi,We're a company in Australia and we have multiple currency in Xero to be able to use USD in addition to the AUD.
But the the p&l sees two deductions one actual and one virtual./What's the best way to do this.
HiI have started using Payroll and have invited 3 employees to use it but the tick boxes are greyed out to invite any more.
Then the form itself *looks like a real check* with all the correct fields, in all the same sort of places on the actual check I'm writing.
It would be good if we could give them a reference number and be able to sort by this in the practice list of organisations.
The individual references appear in the csv option in Export Batch File but not in the BACS option.
There is a need for the ability to create a Prepayment Report showing all those customers that have a prepayment that is yet to be allocated to an invoice.
I would like Xero to automatically recognize when a timesheet has overtime in it based on a set work week.
CLUSTER 1275
The UK Xero version has an option under Payroll to :Deduct an attachment of earnings order (AEO) from an employee's pay - https://help.xero.com/uk/Payroll-Setup-AEOThis does not seem to be a feature in the AU version.
I change it to from newer to older and want to see 200 items at once, as soon as I go out of the account again it goes back to default.Also, I'm not able to export any chart of account transactions as excel file.
CLUSTER 1278
Why does a prepayment need an invoice number?If I log a payment as a "Direct Payment" it then doesn't get allocated to the account when I create the final invoice.
(As of now, I have to set the date of the invoice to either 5 days from the send date (which is when I expect the first 50%), OR the customer's event date (which is when I expect the second half).
CLUSTER 1283
At the moment it seems like they have to send and verify each invoice individually before they are sent, but they need to send them to us automatically on repeat dates every month?
So now, even though it reconciles in xero it does not match the actual card balance because it is missing all the transactions from the card that was cancelled.How do i fix this?
CLUSTER 1286
It is a direct cost in that it was necessary for provision of the service.
Can someone please tell me how to run this out.Thank you
Save me re-typing all the details every time.
Do I need to reflect the payment on my employees payslip?
Yes there are search option, but not the most basic one.
CLUSTER 1287
It may be that bank rec cash is not the same thing as the opening cash in the Cash SummaryCan anyone shed any light?Gavin
First world problems - but it wreaks havoc when you're entering data like a speed demon.If the e.g.
We want to remove the frustration from you all thinking it’s ‘taken 3 years to do X’, When in actuality, it’s not in active development and can't be scheduled into our plans.
CLUSTER 1288
Can you please tell me where I have gone wrong and how I can fix this matter.I'm thinking that because I raised a 'purchase' invoice the liability is sitting as a Dr entry when it should be a credit entry, this is why it looks the same when I paid it.
While Xero does provide some basic reporting functionality, I am perplexed to find none of the Budgeting and Forecasting Xero Add-on Apps are built for Cash based scenario.
CLUSTER 1294
At the moment I create an account in the chart of account under expense.
But he said the App should be able to do it too, eg if he is working on his ipad.
When clicking an inventory item the screen that loads is blank.
Any tips?Trippeo is an app that organizes your expenses while you're on the go.
But have not been receiving emails since the 26/10/16.
CLUSTER 1295
Good DayMy client needs to track divisions and farms and when reporting they would like to select certain items under the above tracking categories.This is not possible at this point in time as you can only choose one item or all.This is essential to their reporting structure as some of the line items would need to consolidated as one item.
I have been trying to update the bank feed for the last two days (myself and my colleague have tried on two accounts) and it says that it is refreshing but when it's finished no new transactions are added, yet looking at our Lloyds online banking I can see lots of new payments that haven't been imported, I have tried a good 5 times already today with the same result each time?
CLUSTER 1297
a contract may have agreed that travel to the usual client site is not billable, but travel to other locations might be.Abiity to flag this (e.g.
Or can i convert the existing one?> What about all the transactions?I’ve tried editing the bank account, and typing in the bank name (mandiri) but it isn’t showing up.
CLUSTER 1298
I have read this response below however can't find any help on where to : "2.
I am just unsure of which "account" to put it in when I reconcile our bank accounts.
Hello,I am a few months into my Xero and small business adventure now.
When on an invoice, and accept payment, it offers to email a receipt.
When I raise the invoice and save it is not automatically emailing my customer.
I just downloaded the iPhone app and it shows "setup in progress" - why ?
CLUSTER 1303
Hi all,My girlfriend has made the mistake of paying her GST bill from a personal bank account that doesn't have a feed to her Xero account.
My shipping charges were $10 total, so I need to add .66 to the cost of each item to get my true COGS.
Basically there are CMMS (Computerised Maintenance Management Systems) which allow the maintenance of assets to be recorded and tracked electronically.
Also can I setup duoplane so that it recognises which method of payment a customer has used and pays the invoice from the relevant bank account.
Love being able to do payroll and send remittances and the bank feeds are literally second to none when comparing them with other programs.
CLUSTER 1304
and also the charge you pay to companies house when you update your recordsI've found the corporation tax one but guessing it's not that, and that I need to create a code for disallowable expenses but not sure where the put themcan anyone help as I can't find anything in the filesthanks
I set up a new CBA bank account feed into the correct business however it appeared in both businesses and it only feeds into the wrong business.The account appears in the both businesses' dashboards but only updates the feed in the wrong business1.
items were not approved because invoice limits have been exceededI am working from the trial version and I am trying to enter a batch of invoices but it will not let me approve them - the above error keeps coming uphow do i fix/change this
Other competitors like MYOB etc are doing this within accountants office but it would appear to be more logical to hold this data within the entities records in their accounting system and in particular being able to submit the ASIC forms correctly.
Currently we require our customers to publish their Bank Reconciliation Reports among others, in order to do this we have had to set them up as Advisor so they can publish reports, however then they can access other features such as lock dates that we do not want them update or change.
I feel like I'm missing something obvious, but is there a way to bookmark a report in xero?There's a particular report that I'll want to view every month to check how the business is doing (profit & loss - current financial year - custom layout - wide view).
When I publish from Receipt bank it  tells me that it has successfully published to Xero... but the receipt never appearsi'm not really sure where to start looking as a new xero users  to understand this, i would expect it to be in the expenses area?many thanksMatt
CLUSTER 1305
At present the annual account template is not in UK GAAP so that we still require formatting and presentation changes to produce our year end accounts.I understand that the annual account format is based on NZ GAAP but I would like to know if there is anything in process for getting a format acceptable for use in the UK?Many thanks
I have a payroll that runs to the end of the month.I receive the information by the 10th of the following month and the payment is made to the employees on the 15th.At present the payroll jnl is posting to the P&L, wages payable and PAYE on the 15th of the month being the payment date.As we do monthly management accounts i need these figures in the accounts dated the month end date.The only way i can change the date of the jnl in the payroll function is by changing the payment date, however then i would be doing a late RTI submission each month when i process the payroll.I am having to post a reversing journal to bring the figures into the accounts at the month end date and then reverse them when the payroll brings them in again on the 15th.I would like xero to change the payroll process so either the jnl goes in at the date of the payroll or so i can select which date the jnl is processed.
CLUSTER 1306
The weekly HELP repayment on $62,400 pa is $54,  or $2,808 pa.  Based on $92,400 the weekly HELP repayment is $124,  or $6,448.So to my understanding this staff member may well face a real tax debt of $3,640 when they lodge their tax return for the year,  even though they completed their TFN Declaration accurately and stated they have a HELP debt and that more tax should be withheld from their pays.My questions then are as follows:1.
The names do not correspond exactly:I have 2210 - PAYE2211 - National Insurance2220 - Net Wages7000 - Gross Wages7006 - Employers National InsuranceThis is how I think it should be mapped but please correct me if I am wrong.2210 - Paye Liability account 2211 - NIC Liability Account2220 - Wages Payable Account7000 - Wages Expense Account7006 - Employers NIC Account
Hi,It would be great if when we paid out Holiday Pay to staff, it would automatically calculate the PAYE correctly, as in split it over X weeks.Even if it had the feature to input how many weeks to split it over, but during the pay run.Currently, I have to go into the employees details and change their pay schedule to either fortnightly or monthly depending on the amount of holiday pay, but this incurs multiple pay runs and detail changes.Cheers,Sam
CLUSTER 1309
•And to be able to sort the table in the order of JE numbers.
A normal payment (of the open amount) does not cause an error.
I can only seem to locate individual files for leave etc.
CLUSTER 1314
I know how to do this on an individual basis using the manual journals, but is there a way to do this more efficiently - could I use the csv import spreadsheet somehow?
I purchased some supplies for $100 and paid tax of $8.50 - total of $108.50 - only the $100 shows on the income statement.
I have worked out that, the payment was received by me but, was meant for one of my other offices.I need to record the payment and then return it to them, how would I go about doing this please?
When I look down my list of invoices sent out in the "Invoices Awaiting Payment" page it clearly shows that the most recent invoices not as being sent, I.E.
When one tries to reconcile all monthly transactions it is a lot easier to do this when you know who's card has been used to make certain transactions.Thanks,Hanna
When you are reviewing a VAT return and click into the audit report, having clicked on wider view it is a pain you cannot scroll easily around the report.
I am downloading my bank statements and find that reconciling most transactions is OK.The problem I have is that I use Transferwise to handle transfers of money to suppliers in Europe.
Is it worth storing the paper for future convenience?- we are quite happy with Xero, however, if one day we decide to change.
CLUSTER 1318
At the moment if a contact has been merged any prior transactions cannot be recoded unless the archived contact is restored.It would be really helpful when creating search criteria for Find & Recode to add a 'Custom' option to the 'Is' and 'Is Not' dropdown box.
C/C payments to be recorded, sales by items, stock control etcWho has or is using Xero that can provide me feedback.Our business is in South Africa, so VAT management is critical, I am the manager, accountant, payroll, no other person is here.
I know we can reconcile this when it arrived in our bank account by splitting the payment to different invoices, but I wondering if we can "pre-setup" the split so Xero automatically applies the correct payment split during reconciliation?
Feature Request; Ability to schedule a planned payment date to a newly entered invoice bill.After adding a bill, a "Make a payment" box appears on screen.Request to have an additional box which allows you to schedule a payment date.Currently to schedule a planned date for payment you need to exit the Add Bill section, enter into the Purchases Section, find the Bill then add a scheduled date.
I've looked around the discussions but can't find an answer to this one so I'm hoping someone might have a solution...Basically I've got five organisations set up in Xero and one of the drawbacks I have come across is that it isn't possible to easily report across the group as a whole.
CLUSTER 1320
The current process involves rejecting the timesheet if it is incorrect and waiting for the employee to update it correctly.Quite often they have simply used the wrong category and we would like to save the back and forth by simply correcting the timesheet.
Would it be possible when running an aged payables report that it shows the difference between entered invoices and ones that have been entered with an invoice uploaded?IE: the invoice could show in italics if one is attached as an upload??
CLUSTER 1321
Does anyone in the UK have expertise on this?I totally love xero, but their paypal issues is a nightmare, however having said that I don't know of any other software that works with paypal quite as well, so i guess we're going to have to wait on Xero working something out.
I would enter a payment in my checking account to the credit card vendor, and expense it against the credit card's liability account.I just downloaded my first set of bank transactions (checking and credit card), and a credit card payment shows up under both.
The sync generally works without issue for most parts, however, i recently began a tracked inventory and ever since this point it has become a nightmare.Not all purchase orders made on the epos system are syncing, therefore inventory is not being updated.
Hi,I am starting to use Xero for my PTA account (as I am the treasurer).I would ideally like to put through the past transactions for the year (they were previously paper based but this doesn't allow me to analyse any figures easily).What would be the best way of doing this?
CLUSTER 1327
The VAT return on Xero shows that we owe the retail Vat figure of &#163;4891.99 (included in our liability figure) but we actually owe &#163;6762.27.
We then go back into 'Reconcile' and complete the rest with matches and transfers.Only problem is we can't sort the 'Cash Coding' screen by transactions that have their details filled in ready to reconcile?
Any tips?GoCardless powered by Directli allows you to take control of your payments, ensuring your invoices get paid in a timely manner via Direct Debit.
CLUSTER 1330
We're a letting agency and use these when we're paying rent out to landlords each month, so it would be brilliant to have these automatically create each month to save us having to look up all the info each time.
If his NI category is just entered as A it will look, at the year end, as though he has always been A as Xero payroll won’t have a record that he was M – and therefore his contributions will look incorrect.
CLUSTER 1336
I see the over payment appears as receivables, so I am guessing the bank account balance is accurate and that I am ok to proceed like that is the case, but I would like to be sure.
In other systems that I have used the actual accrual rate will be automatically recorded once I have assigned the leave to an employee, and hence it is error free and also global changes can be made if the amounts changeThanks
A running balance is essential when reconciling/verifying accounts as you can see patterns, when the figures comeback to zero (or another relevant figure) etc - its essential.
CLUSTER 1340
Normally these items would go in to COGS but because the item has already sold I'm not sure how to handle them, can items be placed into COGS after the item sells?
This would mean that customer numbers stored against the contact would populate the  tab, but invoice numbers entered from previous batch payments are erased.
Hello,To have an option to set up e-mail notifications to receive a report when an invoice payable becomes due as well as invoices receivables?
We're trying to move our business from Sage to Xero and I just wanted to check the best way to set it up.We have three companies all essentially operating as one.
As he is watching me code his BAS for Dec he was totally mesmerised by how Xero had all his bank transactions right there on the screen, and that I could tell him how he was travelling in his business for the six months.
CLUSTER 1341
So when charges come in for shipping etc that are related to my stock purchase should I also code them to my Stock on Hand account like I did when I paid my supplier?
I would like to be able to email my clients after reconciling to thank them for their payment and include the invoice number in the receipt.
Ability to add multiple profit & loss reports with different date ranges when creating a new report pack.
I'd like to be able to deactivate Tracking options.I still want them to be linked to transactions - but just deactivate them so I can no longer choose or allocate them.
Works fine we we setup the file but when an independent bookkeeper sets up the file I don't want to have to get them to add all my staff to see the file.
Now that time sheets are available in Xero, a popular request is the ability to use the data from time sheets to generate Sales Invoices.
The following email address is valid but Xero will not allow this email address to be entered against a contact.accounts.receivable@flick_anticimex.com.au
When I bulk email invoices, I am getting the error coming up saying 'Client Name is missing the placeholder: Contact First Name'.
I think at some point I was going to input 2012 year end data into xero but decided against it because I can't enter it by tracking category.
Direct payment is the default option when you add a Spend Money transaction.You can't create a new invoice, bill or expense claim from this screen.
The pay period runs from Monday to Sunday with the pay day falling the following Wednesday.His ordinary weekly pay is $1500.
CLUSTER 1345
Is the answer as simple as dating the contractor invoice at the very last day of the month the invoice has been issue for even though it was really sent later than that?2 - Sales made by owner / Dividend at the end of the fiscal yearCurrently, when the owner is providing health care services, she does not invoice the company like the contract worker do.
Good Afternoon,I think it would be a great feature to be able to flag an invoice or bill as 'in query / dispute' and then to be able to add notes, email a copy invoice & the notes to the appropriate sales person and then run a report listing disputed items to ensure you don't miss one.
CLUSTER 1347
It would save having to scroll down to the very bottom of the screen simply to go to a client that you know is on a latter page.
I also provided the technical spec for OFX SGML standard from Microsoft and other locations for them to refer to.
CLUSTER 1348
Functionlity not available with the Mobile app.- Minor Adjustment when reconciling an incoming payment (e.g Part payment or minor mismatch )- Cannot add a photo when reconciling an expense (though you can when creating a receipt).
Hello, I want to set up the xero integration, however I'm unsure about what to do with all the existing entries in my Xero account.So far, I have use the bank reconciliation feature, and tagged all the cash I put in the bank, as 'bar sales'.When I integrate xero and vend, will it pull data retrospectively - in which case my bar sales will be duplicated?
CLUSTER 1352
At the moment we have to print the Xero quote and enter the figures into the word document.
It would be great for them to be able to click into everything they need straight from the dashboard.
Any support for being able to add additional metrics to the graphs already presented?
The current limited security model only allows all reports to be access or none.
About a month or so ago the feeds broke and I have not been able to get them to work since.
CLUSTER 1355
Can someone please tell me how to find this page so I can uncheck it and stop statements sending automatically.thank you in advance.
Hi All,We need some small business owners to put their hands up, to be the first to trial this productivity app .
Unfortunately at the moment this requires users to scan, save and then upload images or to use the smartphone apps (slow!
To let me know immediately by email if my Staff Roster has gone over budget when a staff signs out of work.
I have seen articles on how to use the profit and loss reports but it is not showing up anywhere in the reports.Have you changed the name to something opaque?
I can work it out manually but, for this and future years, I'd like to automate this information for the end of year payroll tax reconciliation.
CLUSTER 1356
How would I go about it?With the flat chart of accounts, I cant create a food sub account to the biz Dev account.Is this when tracker would come in handy?Thanks,Duncan
Also I've entered individual garments in WFM (Cost) and Xero (Inventory) but I have never re-entered the Item Code in Xero as WFM transfers all the info.
: end of year income and expenses statements that get emailed to me.We have 5 properties and need to add into these to finalise the year tax return.Thank YouPaul
I am able to get them back by changing the date range back to what I created the report for, and clicking Update.This seems like a bug to me - does anyone know how to avoid it?
I need a fairly basic inventory system that will allow us to essentially do what Xero Inventory does now, but I need to track Batch numbers and expiry dates of the product we hold in stock.
If you create a group, for example a group for Interest on the P&L, when the report is prepared it will list the group above the non-grouped accounts on the P&L.
It would be useful to integrate the tax reconciliation in Workpapers with the year end reports.Currently the information is input in work papers and has to be entered again in the financial reports.
At the moment it is not clear and each person that comes along to review the Payroll Clearing account as it currently is, really has to start again if they want to identify the out of balance transactions.
I thought I'd worked it out by making different pay items which works in draft mode but once I approve it the amounts disappear and he is on 0 hours 0 dollars.Thanks in advance.
So new to this world my head is spinning, but here goes....If I set up a payroll etc, does Xero talk to my bank account and actually send the funds to the employee?
CLUSTER 1360
She uses Xero and can presumably rectify minor things, but for now, just to get it entered, what's my best way to deal with entering the mileage, dates and purpose?I read things like "" and my mind boggles.
Every invoice I send has an attachment and every time I want to include with invoice.I'd like to be able to make that the default behaviour.Including with invoice is a very easy step to miss.
Good day!Does anyone have an effecitve and efficient method for recording Paypal/Stripe fees in Xero to aid reconciling?Let's say I have a sale of &#163;250.00.
Hi,I have a french bank account (société générale) and xero says it supports it but everytime I try to connect the bank feed I have the following error message: "Couldn't connect to your bank".I've waited a few days, tried again and same result.
Any tips?RosterElf is a magically simply cloud based rostering system that takes the stress out of scheduling your employees that also integrated with Xero to process timesheets.For more information, check out .
we have relatively fast 4G internet service, and can access Xero from a laptop ok but not on our new server/thin client configuration.Has anyone experienced this and can you tell me the solution to pass on to the IT support people?
CLUSTER 1363
The issue is that these are automated feeds, so ideally I'd choose to re-integrate, but when I remove the connection and re-integrate in iZettle, it recognises I've already integrated so I'm not sure this will work...Any help would be greatly appreciated!
a company credit card or by the employee etc.In the browser I see no way to select the account the expense was paid from, and therefore no way for the approver to know how the transaction was even paid for.
CLUSTER 1369
It is now the 2017 financial year however I am still completing work for 2016 and in some cases 2015.It would be great to see a '2014/2015' '2015/2016' and '2016/2017' report that is easy to jump into rather than selecting period dates etc.
I am new to Xero so I apologise if this has been asked previously (I could not see it while searching).My company sells both products that we develop ourselves and services that we charge for by the hour.I have been trying to work out a way of customising the invoice Word template to show quantity for the products but hours for the services.
The logic behind this is obvious but the problem is that the data remains visible to our staff.I've looked at restricting permissions but the user roles are nowhere near flexible enough to give them the functionality they need whilst hiding this data.Is there anyway to permanently delete these lines?
I don't want to have to change the hourly rate each month to get to whatever total that particular month will be, that's messy.Would it be easier to pay a salary of $12 to each director ($1 per month) then pay out the monthly takings as a bonus each month, based on however much the company earns that same month?Thanks
Hi,In UK payroll, does anyone know if it's possible to undo the end date of employee (either because their end of employment has been revoked, or because it has been ended by accident) ?A search shows that AU payroll has an "undo termination" option, but this option does not appear to be present for UK.Thanks!
Hi,I have 4 houses with a total of 25 tennants all individually renting rooms in the 4 rooming houses.I currently use XERO for my accounting.I am wondering which of the above to add-ons would suit my purposes?I need something that is mobile i.e.
CLUSTER 1374
OR Add an option that gets a Tracking Report against Any/All GL Codes.Currently if I want to run a Tracking Report I may need to access 2 or 3 or more GL Groups to find all transactions posted to a particular Tracking Category and then Merge them in Excel.If the emphasis was on the Tracking Category first then the relevant GL Code second this would save a lot of time searching the GL Account Tyupes fields for the same information, not to mention cut down on errors.
Gmail has the ability to filter and forward emails automatically based on their content.It would be great to be able to forward invoice attachments to Xero's file inbox without having to download and re-upload the document.In order to get this working though Google Mail wants to verify to the forwarding address by spending a verification code.
I have 3000 customers and it is impossible to find them in Xero without clicking on each one to check the correct address?If i set them up asSmith 40 Hight Street i can search for them but then xero makes the invoice look like this :Smith 40 High Street40 High StreetLaunceston 7250Rather thanMr T Smith40 High StreetLaunceston 7250
Public holiday pay is added to the payslip of all staff even if a staff member doesn't work on that day.Staff who work Tuesday to Friday for example had Queens Birthday pay added to their wage slip even though they don't work in that day.Request that Xero Payroll add ability to load days of the week that a staff member is working so that this doesn't happen.
At present, I don't accrue sick leave because I don't want it on the payslips, so when part-time employees take sick leave I have to manually check they have sufficient accrued leave and then the leave will appear as a negative balance on their summary page and is shown in summation to the annual leave entitlement.It would be great if we could have a feature that let's us accrue personal (sick) leave in the system, but not have to show it on the employee payslips and not have it grouped with annual leave (as it is only paid if taken).
CLUSTER 1375
An issue that she has with the Xero check writing function is that when she gets ready to print the checks she needs to go back and look up the info that needs to go into the memo field of the printed check.
I have not changed the format of the bank account in Xero and the creditor has not changed their bank account number.I am a bit stumped as to what to do now.I have tried re-entering the bank account number but nothing has changed
CLUSTER 1385
I was doing the bank reconciliation and I had used the create function on the right instead of Match as there was a bill sitting.After the end of the month I noticed what I had done and I went in to fix this (I thought)I went into the Bank account in question and I unreconciled the transaction in question.
Hi All,I'm interested in your opinions on online security for Windows.I'm in the process of setting up a virtual bookkeeping company and am wanting to ensure that my client's data is protected.Encryption, anti spyware, anti malware, anti-virus, firewalls...
Revenue for this renewal will actually hit 11mths later and subsequent years will then be every 12 mths...always invoiced 30 days before their renewal date.How does everyone else handle this and their projections for the next year?
I realise that Xero always had a fundamental conceptual barrier about producing these (they probably weren't "cool" enough) but now the rest of the world has explained to you that these are actualy a very basic feature of an accounting system, do you think you could actually make them work seamlessly for your customers?
The four invoices were for:1175.164176.90780780----------6912.06The customer paid 5 payments of:1500150015001500912.06----------6912.06Ive been researching on how to split the payments and tried a few things in XERO to get this done, but failed.
I then also have a 'director loans' account set up as a bank account - this is because my business is new and I've had to pay money a few times from my personal account into the company account - so in Xero i transfer from the directors loan 'bank account' into the company account when I do this.
Now XERO is deriving its VAT Return from the total amount of VAT taken in on SALES (which is fine) and the total amount of VAT paid out in purchases for each VAT Rate.Now here is my problem - Xero is calculating the total VAT on purchases from  purchase.
But in Ireland I cannot claim that 100 (unless its a commercial vehicle) but Xero is putting it downI can.I now realize that with items that I cannot claim VAT back on I shouldn't record the VAT on that item in Xero because it will put it in the VAT return.
When i print or email statements to customers, under where it lists the Reference - it only shows "CustON:'..." - the column isnt big enough to display the full reference which includes the address and is very helpful.Does anyone know if this column width can be changed?
That user (Sally) left our organisation, so we deleted the user.We now have a new person (Jane) who will want to use the <accounts>@businessname.com.au  email address.I set up Jane in the system but when they logged in, it came up with Sally's credentials.
Would be awesome if Xero could add a "Share to" function of their mobile app, so from my scanning app I can share the pdf files directly to Xero files, rather than having to email them to the xero email address and wait for them all to come through.
Also, there are many, many threads that have comments from Xero Staff like, "" and "", which are now utterly redundant.I have tried to defend you in being diplomatic on this forum, but removing the datestamps is one kick in the face too many and defies belief.In the meantime, I encourage all to do what I have started doing:
We still have clients that use MYOB AccountRight, and this has the facility to create an MYE file for import into MYOB AE.What would be a really great function is for Xero to allow an MYE file created in MYOB AccountRight to be imported.
I wrote about it in a blog here, to very positive response:http://www.oakhalladvisors.com/obvious-but-overlooked/For tech companies, even small ones, this is a method of disclosure that VCs are MUCH more attracted to.My accountant says she doesn't think Xero can do this?THANKS
Currently on Payslips and in 'My Payroll' the annual leave entitlement is displayed in hours.For our employees this is not ideal, if an employee wants to know how many days annual leave they have remaining then they have to do a calculation.Can we have an option for Annual Leave to be displayed in days?
Of the current reports available, only one of these is able to be sorted by active and inactive, but in order to clear the inactive data, it would seem that the client would need to export the data to Excel and then manually remove inactive stock lines.
Hi,I've been using Xero shortly after it became available and one of the things that really annoys me is not been able to select a date range when reconciling invoices, and also would like a longer list and improved scrolling.
We currently use the Line of Business Tracking feature to log all Expenses and Income against specific clients, but we would love a feature where you have it set up a LOB for Client, then a "Sub-Categeory" within that for projects within that one client.
When reconciling a payment to several invoices there should be a functionality to filter by invoices that have been marked as paid.This will reduce the time trying to look for the invoice that has been marked as paid on a particular day but all invoices that relate to that payment are to different customers.
For example it should be possible to set one email for use when sending orders (eg orders@vendor.com.au) and to set a different email for use when sending remittances (eg accounts@vendor.com.au).
The invoice & bill should then still appear in the debtors/creditors report with the net amount outstanding, but when drilled into, you can see which line items are still waiting to be paid, which are paid and which partly paid (ability to allocate payments to line items).
It is great feature because I would rather store them electronically this way rather than in a filing system.But there are a couple of user interface options that would make it easier.Firstly, so many invoices from suppliers come via email.
"Smarter transaction to bank statement line matching in the bank reconciliation screen (ie Xero would search for not only the amount of a transaction but also the payee's name so multiple payments of the same amount can be matched to bank statement lines.)
To give selected staff member's permission to login and enter all employees timesheet's without having access to all the payroll information.I would like my manager to enter timesheet's for my approval but I don't want them to see what anyone is paid etc
I am a new starter on Xero and have been told by my accountant that the Inventory tracking is not that good.All I want to do is track at total cost level and not item level, so I can simply see what stock at cost I am buying versus sales etc.Thoughts appreciated
I am trying to complete the screen "Add your organisation to start using Xero now", but I am unable to proceed due to form validation telling me:Please select your previous accounting softwareThe dropdown list for question "What was your previous accounting software?"
Hi allDoes anyone know how to remove the bold highlighting that is put on to formula rows in reports?I've added a few formula rows to some groups, which work nicely, but they appear REALLY BIG AND BOLD and I don't really want them to.Any ideas?Olly
Hi Guys.We have a situation where we both invoice and pay bills to the same company / person.If I click on the client contact, the statement shows me what they owe me and what i owe them but is there a way to get both figures and the difference between the two on a single report to send to them?e.g.
The supplier ultimately remains the owner of the dispensers.The problem I am having is keeping track of all the dispensers and the client locations, etc where they have been installed.I have looked at possibly using the fixed asset register and manipulating that to suit my needs but it may not be an ideal solution.
BUT, checking them individually takes a long time, especially when you cant click "Next" to go to the next one in the list, I find you have to go back twice in your browser, or I use 2 tabs and open the invoice in a new tab.
I was very reticent at first having used MYOB since 1996.However, why can one not reconcile a number of transactions at the same time.This is a very handy feature in MYOB.At this stage one has to remove and redo, edit the transaction, and mark as reconciled individually.
I would like to track the value of this portfolio twice per year so their balance sheet is accurate.They don't want or need the Sharesight add-on and only want this to be added manually twice per year.How is this done in CashBook?
For example, I rent out indoor plants that I charge weekly rent, so If I put description 1 plant in decorative pot at $xx it show the price for that item, but the way my contracts are structured we calculate on weekly basis but charge monthly.
Our invoice however is for US$7.79, so there'll be fractional charges.We don't have a multi-currency account as we can't afford it, but my understanding is that prepayments can only be in the primary currency anyway, so it wouldn't make a difference in this case.Does anyone have any advice on how best to handle this?
i've come back this morning to run it again and we're still getting the errrorError: oauth_problem=rate%20limit%20exceeded&oauth_problem_advice=please%20wait%20before%20retrying%20the%20xero%20api Xero staff, why is this happening, we need to create our invoices!!!
When I export contact list to CSV the phone numbers are exported as a number and when they are reimported the zero is missing from the beginning of all the phone numbers.I think this is my lack of knowledge of CSV files that is causing the problem.Any advise welcome.ThanksAshleigh
I' m still working my way around all the features and seeing what it can do.I find the Customer Invoice report useful but it shows only Total Invoice value including VAT-it would be great to have the Net Value available in this report too?
I know we can do imports in Xero, but I have no confidence in using it because if I slightly mis-key the supplier name then Xero creates a new supplier account and I end up with purchases invoices for one supplier sitting on various different supplier accounts.
Hi, hopefully I'm in the right section here ?My client is trying to allow someone limited access to their accounts, however, she is finding that by allowing them User status for Invoice Only that they can add an expense through the App but cannot select how they wish to be repaid.
I know this is a super-basic question, but I'm new to bookkeeping in general and Xero in particular and am trying to get things in order for my consulting company.How does one transfer funds between ledger accounts (i.e., a transfer that does not involve the bank account at all)?
We cannot apply the payments to the bill until after we have thoroughly coded all of the transactions from a holding account, otherwise we cannot change the tax rate.This is really frustrating and causes a huge work-around in order to sort things.
The standard Profit & Loss report shows all turnover together and all costs together to come down to a single gross profit figure, however I'd like to show the wet and dry separately each with their own gross profit figures.
They all show , however I remember reconciling a payment received from them on 1/1/16 where 3 invoices were paid for a total of $3000.Curious, I click on the link for each transaction and each shows as an unreconciled payment for one invoice.
I have an employee who posts invoice on the system for me to appove, however he doesnt need approval for purchase orders.It is very frustrating that it seems you cannot seperate one users to approve purchase orders but cannot approve invoices?
Hi, We are a small business in the Idaho, U.S.. a very prominent bank in this area is USBANK,, I would request that Xero get in touch with them to add them to our bank options.. that would really help small business in this area!
Currently, UK data is held on servers based in the US with Rackspace, who comply with the relevant requirements of the Safe Harbour Framework, however as this has now been ruled invalid can we please have some assurances that Xero/Rackspace are working towards how they can respond to this?
I am from a company that sales coffee beanI need to create a report that shows the coffee salesI need some help with how to add this coffee accounts together to show the sales performanceI have Miscela d'oro Coffee Sical CoffeeTuscaniThoya bristo
Client has a rental property and only has land & buildings listed as fixed assets.NO depreciation or new assets to March 2015.But the new depreciation schedule in the new Xero year end reports is not showing these assets.How do we get to show
Also help them to build healthy savings from the deductions and interests from the loans.Therefore, I would like a feature in Xero to take care of these transactions - employee deposits, compound interests added, statements printed, etc.
When emailing invoices from Xero to clients, many require supporting documentation ie time sheets for labour charges.I upload a prepared pdf document to the invoice, but when I send to the client, they do not receive the supporting documentation, only the invoice as pdf.
We dont do invoices, but end of the day we have one till Z report which has got all the sales of the whole day, and its called daily takings which breaks down into 3 categories as Card sales, Cash Sales, and Amex card sales.
(or maybe Xero is not presenting negative balances correctly or at all)2) I created a trial Invoice to test paying wages to a shop assistant from Cash in Hand (as wages would be paid from the till float usually).
For instance, we have situations where a single supplier will supply to multiple companies and in order to understand the accounts payable or order history for that supplier, we have to run multiple reports and combine them.This is just the most simple example I can use to explain, but there are others.
When one sends a statement to a customer, I would find it extremely useful if the program automatically made a note of this fact on the account.It may be that the feature is already available, and that I just haven't 'switched it on'.Feedback would be gratefully received
International invoices, in AUD, with different payment typesI don't mind if they share the GST format, as the international invoices with have no GST.I can create alternate templates, but I'm at a loss for how they can be applied on an invoice by invoice, customer by customer, or country by country basis.
I can assure you that in reality, that is not the case.I created transactions to match the imported spends, assigning vendors, G/L accounts, and descriptions.When I look at the reconciliation report, each "spend" is having the effect of DEcreasing the card balance, while each payment is having the effect of INcreasing.
I tried saving a bookmark/favourite in my browser (firefox), but it just seems to take me to the top level reports screen.Is there some other way I can save this exact report so that I can go back to it and view the latest version in just a click or two?Thanks!Joseph
Hi everyone.Just wanted to ask you a question regarding Annual Leave for Part Time employees.I've just noticed a new staff who has only worked on the weekend, not accruing any annual leave or sick leave in the pay run.
The other hours worked were ordinary hours and paid leave.However we've noticed that the annual leave has been accrued at the full, normal amount of hours, rather than the pro-rated paid hours/total hours in the period.
Has anyone successfully issued an Amended Payment Summary for an Individual (created Amended Payment summary OK) and successfully uploaded the AMENDED file to the ATO?I have had feedback from both a client and the ATO that this is causing a major problem.
Is there anyway to access a timesheet once it's been deleted?I have deleted an employee timesheet but not processed the pay run yet, I want to go back into the timesheet to enter the correct details but now that period can't be selected, only the next pay period is available.
Hi Everyone, I have created a new employee back in March last year, but have noticed that recently when he took leave and I had to allocate his leave taken, it is only taking off 4 hours and not the required 8 hours as set up in the system.
Hi there, I need to change super payments for 2 employees to RECS and I need to process an unscheduled pay run to make this adjustment.When I do the unscheduled pay run no employees are visible to select for the pay run.
When adding in a new employee in payroll (under the employment tab) the superannuation drop box does not show the super funds SPIN or USI.Some super funds like AMP have numerous funds all with very similar names but different SPINS.
Any assistance would be greatly appreciated:In the payroll settings I have:Earnings Name: Ordinary HoursRate Type: Rate per unitType of units: HoursEach employee is employed based on an annual salary with 38hrs/week as their ordinary hours.
We have just migrated from MYOB to Xero and did our first pay run today only to realise that Xero is adding the accrued leaves to each employee and displaying these on payslips, and where an employee has put in a leave application deducting the leave from leave balance.
Hi there,I've been trying to set up a travel allowance for my employees.I have added the pay item in settings, added this to the pay template, but still it does not show up when I create a new time sheet.Any ideas/help would be appreciated.
In other words, this is the reverse of an Expense Claim (the company has paid an expense on behalf of the employee, and this amount will be deducted form the employee's next salary).The Employee Salary Advance account is a Current Asset on the chart of accounts.
I am trying to file end of year forms and I have an employee that is over 55 (Birth date is entered under employee details) that contributed her max to her HSA (3350+1000 (catch-up) = 4350) but Xero says its over the limit and will not allow me to process.
I attempted to resolve the matter by creating a timesheet with Zero hours worked but when I created the payrun and paid the employee the payrun subsequently appears in the "Pending Payment" row, therefore preventing me from doing the payroll for the following week.
Previously this has been posted when the payment left the bank and coded to a directors pension cost account but was never shown as a benefit on the payslip.Also he is paying the max into the SIPP and certainly does not need to be in a workplace pension (we have just reached our staging date).
After running payroll yesterday I have received notification that the RTI submission has failed.Looking at the submission info on Xero it says the reason for decline is:"The submission of this document has failed due to departmental specific business logic in the Body tag.
Hi - this is the first time we have tried to submit the RTI and it has been declined.reason: The submission of this document has failed due to departmental specific business logic in the Body tagIf anyone could help it would be much appreciated.ThanksShane
The LEL is &#163;112/week, so &#163;5,824/yr.As this employee is a director, the NI calculation is not spread over the year, so the full &#163;5,824 was applied in month 1 last month.
So Xero, you have announced that"PAYE due date to HMRC will now appear on your Payroll Calendar"So I headed over to the Payroll Overview page to expecting to see the PAYE due amounts and dates under the  table at the top of this page.My mistake.
How do you account for a business which has workers on hourly wages but also GST registered subcontractors who also pay Withholding tax?I can't get my head around entering them through creditors to get the GST but needing to have the WHT flow through to the IR348.
when I buy a coffee, added to which I would lose the ability to automatically generate reports for my clients.b) Abandoning Expensify AND ignoring the expenses options in Xero, but merely cash-coding the expenses once they come in from the bank.
The client user is not required to login as it will be too cumbersome for us to ask each of our clients to also maintain/ remember a username and password for our system as they are external to our organisation.I have seen this capability in NetSuite OpenAir; but have not been able to find it in any add-on for Xero so far.
against my clients and internal jobs within WorkflowMax.I have WorkflowMax and Xero integration setup and working but I can't get the Purchase Orders to pass from WorkflowMax to Xero.Any suggestions or links to previous threads would be most appreciated.Thanks in advance,Lawrence
I am using ReceiptBank to send receipts and invoices to Xero.When I assess the Receipts inside Receipt Bank, the TAX treatment is clear (it reads what is said on the receipt and includes it)BUTthen when I publish these receipts into Xero from Receiptbank.
We have tried a number of approaches, but the expenses seem to end up in draft, requiring the employee to login and submit for approval.Is there a way to make these expense claims to publish to Xero as awaiting approval?With Invoices to Bills, we seem to be able to do this easily.
Each time I try to poush an invoice from Geoop it is giving me this error This error (HTTP 500 Internal Server Error) means that the website you are visiting had a server problem which prevented the webpage from displaying.I have tried both through mobile phones & my computer ...
I use a GNU/Linux phone.I have this today, delivered from ABAX, but I need something that interfaces to Xero or WorkFlowMax.I need to reclaim costs associated with driving the car in job relation and I need to oncharge clients, aswell.
I don't want to buy it but Sage Forecaster looks like the exact tool I need.I have tried spotlight and it looks very cumbersome and also, in a way I don't want it to connect to Xero.Any help gratefully received.Thanks, Tim
Why do you have to fully receipt a purchase order in WFM before it pushes to Xero?Why can they not go through to Xero as drafts and as they are updated in either system updated in the other system?Also when the PO goes from WFM to Xero it never brings over to Xero the Item.
I feel like I won an easter egg hunt.If it was staring me in the face somewhere else all along, I'm all ears!BTW, I totally understand designing your website in a way that encourages users to first use search etc.
It isn't perfect either but it is much closer to what I need in terms of having a normal business process flow (as I've described elsewhere) and in linking the various transactions together allowing me not to lose track of orders, POs, received items, etc.
Please change the status of this issue from ‘DONE’ because if you read the comments on this post, it is certainly not done!https://community.xero.com/business/question/51271#answer42816606Could you also please explain to me why this issue has not or can not be resolved?
It has created incorrect invoices and costs me time in deleting the lines if I don't get to the 'undo' link before it disappears.It's great for the software to assist in reduced keying of common items, but I suggest your logic needs to be exactly the opposite of your implementation.
They saw that the file has multiple CCSTMTTRNRS tags and believe this is because the file was edited after downloading from the bank, perhaps to combine multiple OFX files into one file, which isn't supported as more than one CCSTMTTRNRS tag is then present in the file.
Hi Xero,To reduce our processing times, we use the "copy" option a lot for bills which are similar in nature.We used to have blank date field when the 'copied' bill screen pops up, which was great because we had to enter correct date.
Previously we've been using Quickbooks.It is still very early days but I wanted to say that so far we are really impressed and happy!For myself - using Xero on a daily basis, and for our developer - using the API, it has been a breeze for us and 100x easier to work with and understand.
We can see that the RAM used by the IE process is getting over 1GB, then it reaches a tipping point and just crashes.Seems like some sort of memory leak, but Xero support say there isn't any known problem and we are the only ones reporting an issue.
My blood is boiling about this over-hyped, unjustifiably market-dominating software, that can't even do the first things that I need.Someone please jump in here and tell me how wrong I am, as the features I seek are so obvious that I completely missed the button or menu option that does it for me?
CLUSTER 1389
The feature to email a document to a library is cool, but what would be better is to be able to email a document to an invoice in Xero.
Hi,I've searched for hours now but haven't been able to find the help needed on the forum so apologies if it has already been answered.
and what is "EMPLOYER PENSION ID" in this section?Also I've been given an API code by smart pension - where the hell does that go!?
If I leave them intact (I haven't input to them), the pay run generates a small payment for them due to tax refund.
What app or add on do we use that is relevant for gallery stock and will operate on the 2nd hand margin scheme..?Thank you
When we receive a cheque as payment for an invoice, i mark it as payment received in ServiceM8 which then tells xero the payment has been received.
CLUSTER 1390
I was expecting for it NOT to appear in the vat return report at all...
Very minor, but please can we have consistency across the modules.
CLUSTER 1391
GST on Expense when it should have been GST on IncomeThe entry is from August last Year so do not want to change anything in the invoice as the BAS has ben lodged.
Firstly, I was unable to set up a salary payment which did not show as hours worked and an hourly rate on the payslip - support advised that this was not possible at the moment.
CLUSTER 1395
Like this:Invoice amount: 100Sales tax owed to the authorities: 25Deductible sales tax: 25Taxes to pay: 0But I need following amounts when I report to the authorities (in addition to nubmers for domestic sales and taxes):* purchase amount abroad (in this case 100) which is used to calculate a 25% tax* deductible sales tax from purchases abroad (in this case 25)Does anyone have any idea how I can accomplish this in Xero?
Even if this was only available to Advisors level access it would be useful.I frequently get given files to bring up to date where the transactions are all over the place, and receipt capture apps incorrectly used etc, so a lot of data to correct.If I could bring up a list similar to what I can do in Cash Coding, I could very easily track down duplicates, and re-alocate expenses that have been incorrectly coded to the wrong GL.Find and recode is really useful, but has limitations if you are not quite sure what the person before you has been up to :)
In addition, a spend-money/payment transaction will already be created in Xero on the bank account concerned so that all we need to do is match/reconcile this existing transaction.Payroll should be no different - when completing a pay run, the file should be automatically synced with ASB, and a spend money transaction for the same amount going to the appropriate 'wages payable' account should be created ready for reconciling later.When completing an IRD Tax Filing, a payment should be loaded to IRD's account number, with the appropriate particulars and date reference (eg IRD Number / PAY 31032015 or whatever) so that one can seamlessly make the payments, once again with appropriate spend money so that it is ready to reconcile against the PAYE payable account.Given Xero has already done this with Bills, surely it is simple to port this functionality across to payroll as well?Thanks,Jonathan.
Submit an 'expense' claim of their transactions for the boss (me) to review prior to reconciliationIt seems like the expenses process is primarily designed for reimbursing cash expenses, but can it be used in the way we want?It's worth noting that we need to have a separate login for each credit card user because Xero won't allow us to add multiple feeds to the same 'bank' (Barclaycard) with different credentials.
Hi, I am having issues and it feels like I am missing something.I am processing the payroll for one of my clients and on one employee (out of 20) has the incorrect amount of superannuation being calculated on his payslip.He is paid a gross amount of $863.01 and you would expect Xero to calculate (when using the statutory rate) his super at 9.5% of this ($81.99) but it gives me a value of $89.64 which is 10.39%.If I change the super calculation type to percentage of earnings and manually put in 9.5 it calculates it correctly.Not really sure what I am missing, and I can manually adjust it every week, but I'd rather not as I will probably miss one week here or there.Thanks :)Stephen Robie
I think this is wrong - though Xero should be the experts.She started part way through this month, and I'm guessing Xero has pro rated two weeks of pay over the whole month which puts her below the earnings threshold.Whilst it's probably not realistic for Xero payroll support to be hugely responsive at month end I haven't heard back from my email yesterday and because of this I'm in a mess as I need to run payroll.What are my options please?I'd like to pay her pension which she is entitled to, but I can't wrangle Xero in to doing it manually.My second choice is to postpone her pension assessment until 1 November, but the postpone box is greyed out and only appears (I think) when Xero assesses an employee should be enrolled to a pension scheme when running a pay run.
CLUSTER 1397
Standard users don't get the option to print to PDF.
The Status pages says problems were resolved, but it doesn't appear that they are.
CLUSTER 1398
It appears that some of the invoices were recorded with a net amount to receivables, gross to sales, and an amount to a factoring expense account.
At the end of the month the Digital Waybill system automatically does invoicing for all customers using the Waybill system via Quickbooks.
CLUSTER 1402
For this to become our stand alone client database, we need to either rename or add a few new fields to the contact table.We are not using / have no requirement for several of the available fields.
It would be great if a Draft option could be added to the AutoSuper payment function.Currently, you can only Submit for payment once you have selected the contributions you need to pay.
CLUSTER 1409
The business has made so many purchases during the year and is really though going one by one unreconcile them> change the VAT> and reconcile them again.I hope you could help me with that!Many thanks!
Personal credit card account is not linked in xero.So now can I just mark payment for bills as '881 - owner a funds introduced' and link to the $50 transaction from business bank account?Thank you.
Those are staff salaries, showing individuals salary as a individual transaction.Now in xero I have entered only 1 transaction of salary with break up and want to reconcile it against 6-7 lines of bank statement.How can i do it?
The complication is that technically I loaned the money to one entity (the old sole proprietorship) but it will be being paid back by the new company (the limited company).Thanks in advance!Eric RosenbergPrairie Fire
X days before the quote expires a client would received the quote again, but with the text stating that the quote will expire in X days if not accepted or declined before that time.Look forward to your response.ThanksAnton
Hi All,I have generated and published my Q1 BAS and made payment via EFT to the ATO.On my Bank Statement Feed I can see the payment going out, I was wondering how I reconcile this transaction?
CLUSTER 1411
Editing the address on the invoice is straightforward, but to change or add telephone numbers, we have to go to contacts, make the changes, save, then go back to the next invoice.
If you enter a prepayment through the bank reconciliation screen and enter REFERENCE data, that field does not show up in the current  report (at least in the Global version).
CLUSTER 1416
During last 3 months the HQ pay all the expenses for the branch in oversea including salary.My question, can we convert debt into equity when capital not yet paid ?Thanks.
I then went back into reconcile the bank account and I used the Match feature to fix it.I was then going through the bank and noticed the unreconciled transactions showing for the 11 transactions that I had done this with.
This balance is automatically being shown as Current Year Earnings on the Balance Sheet at 12/31/15, which is incorrect according to our accounting method that defers earned income.
There does not seem to be any option currently to change the 'Total Retained Earnings' heading generated on balance sheet reports to state 'Total Retained Earnings (Losses)', where applicable.
I have imported a bank statement from bank feed with a deposit and it matches an invoice but I can't seem to edit the reference to record the check number my client used to pay the invoice.
Does it matter that there were some invoices with outstanding balances prior to the start of using Xero if I am accounting for GST on a payments basis, there are no tricky tax timing recognition issues I am aware.
Hi allI was just running statements for the month and noticed that for one of my customers not all transactions for the month were showing.The transactions missing are allocated overpayments made to two of their invoices.
The Invoices will credit the SALES account but then debit a Control Account of the same value so the invoice is actually $0 Im not sure how this works when trying to reconcile these payments with the bank?
It would be nice to see a running total of the reconciled bank balance, as each item is marked for reconciling, as a cross check to see that accounts agree to the bank statements.
At the very least, being able to insert new lines into an invoice (or multiple new lines at once) at any row would be a lot easier than having to add a row to the bottom and dragging it up to the top.
When in Report Code Mapping in an Organisation it would be good to have a "Confirm as is" column which you put a tick in all the codes that are already correctly Mapped, instead of having to edit Map all of the codes.
If you can archive old inventory, that means they will still show on "older" transaction reports - but at least not show in "newer" reports - where the item may no longer be applicable for that year.
At times I have requests from customers to send them a detailed list of their transactions for a period which the Customer Invoice Report gives me but I have to export it to excel and remove the rest of the Customers from the list
I suggest that the Platinum, Gold etc designations are based on active rather than prepaid licences.If they are meant to be indicative of Xero experience then it is wrong to count prepaid licences.
However, it is frustrating to have to retype when using Xero to put the space delimiters in.For me, and I'm sure other users will agree, this would be a very nice refinement to see added into Xero.Thanks.
Hi I don't see the option to Move Contacts.I want to move the majority of Contacts to my Customer group.When I click add to group it asks me to create a new group.What's up?
I understand the NZ version of Xero allows payment of monthly fees for Xero by direct debit to a bank account (in addition to payment via credit card).
Accounting has a lot in common across the world, but it also has a lot of particular needs in different countries and states.The US market has (some) different needs and is not a small market.
I would like the option to sort the list by supplier name- this function is very handy if you need to pay say- 5 suppliers but have to scroll down the list to find all their invoices.
However when i create an invoice it does NOT prompt me to add these bills and there appears to be no other way to add a line item on the invoice to pull in a bill.I created a bill not an expense.What am i doing wrong?
I am trying to set up a contact for a company where I do work for multiple departments within the same department.I want to be able to have them under that same company name, but choose the department/person that I want to invoice.
Based upon the few transactions I manually reconciled.I would like to be able to clear this as generally the auto-suggest feature is very useful for me, so I quickly click things that it suggests.
Hi,In my Xero App on my phone, when I go into the receipts to mark off an invoice payment,my only option is to receipt the payment to my petty cash account not my main bank account?
Here is the situation.We had a bill from our Chinese provider in Chinese RMB or USD (they made two currencies in total amount so we could choose 28,000RMB or $4,300USD.)
This is occurring with a few Fixed Assets so my guess is I'm doing something incorrect...When I registered my fixed asset (a computer I brought to the company) my expectation was that the value of the asset would be added to my  account.
The guides seem to suggest that you reconcile one transaction at a time, But when I click on the statements tab there are a ridiculous number of statements that have no bearing on my actual monthly bank statement.
Hi,For businesses which aren't GST registered, the Australian Tax Office (ATO) requires that invoices do not show the words "Tax Invoice" but rather something like "Invoice".
I collected 1000.00 and deposited 840.00 but when I come to reconcile the invoices etc will still add up to the full 1000.00How can I deal with this please?Thanks
I have set it up to automatically reconcile the transaction when it happens and mark the invoice as 'paid'.This is not when the funds actually hit the bank account though as this happens a day or two later.
My online version of the quote doesn't show any of the quote detail, just some text which says "Please see the attached PDF for complete details" and a button which reads View PDF.
That bank account is then reconciled within Xero.What I want to be able to do is bring in the individual transactions into Xero and create Paid invoices for each.Anyone doing anything like this?ThanksMike
But having to have two separate systems for personal and business is almost a dealbreaker to not use xero.Would love it if you had a look at the coding of waveaccounting, and integrated your personal system into business.
When I look at my employee's payslips under the heading Salary/wages it has the wrong name EgShould say Robert Smith but another employee name will appear  John Black.
HelloI am just wondering if someone can tell me I have an employee who has 56.698 hours in the leave balance.. Now my question is does this mean they have 56.698 to use as an RDO or am I reading it incorrectly..
I have tried to set up payroll accordingly but cannot for the life of me figure out how to do that.Additionally, I have two staff in Australia and one in the USA, so I need to make them separately.What's your solution to this problem I have?
The "manager" they have selected to approve the leave has Payroll Manager rights, and received the email request to authorise the leave request, however, the leave request is not showing up for approval.
To get around this I changed the super % to zero in the third quarter, I will need to change it back to 9.5% in the first quarter and then continue making manual changes after that.
We're trying to set up a pre-tax deduction for the IRS approved commuter benefits (in our case BART in San Francisco), but there's no option for commuter benefits OR commuter deductions.
The amount being fed from my bank is the larger $1875.50 which does not match the corresponding amounts posted by Xero in my checking account.I believe I have set everything up correctly in Xero.
or do them separately.This may be related, but by W-2 submission is still pending in the Xero payroll system, even after reverting/filing it again.Thanks for any tips, or approaches.Kevin
At the moment, when an employee requests time off and the dates requested go from, for example, a Friday to a Monday, Xero assumes this means they are taking two days off...the Friday and the Monday.
Does anyone know how to remove a scheduled EPS for a PAYE nil return that will not submit?It's been sitting in RTI filings for a week, nothing in the manual and no reply from Support as yet.
I process the accounts in house on Xero but have never run payroll, I am a little worried after reading through the forums to see how many people appear to have had problems with the Xero payroll.
Apologies if this has been covered before or indeed (worse) recently - am a brand new user of Xero.I set up the company in Sept 2014 as a sole director employee but the business has not traded until now.
This would be ok, but under Operating expenses, it also shows Employer NI (479) and salaries (477) being taken off again, meaning that the net profit figure stated is too low.
Is anyone aware of a package with similar features or at least does consolidated reporting that is a bit more cost efficient than the above named bolt ons.Any feedback is appreciated.Cheers,David
The majority of our placements are temporary workers so we want to record the number of days they work each month, against their rate and our billing, to track their days worked and our monthly gross profit.
One of our local businesses has this with another accounting program and it is brilliant.....it sends an SMS which you just click yes or no and it confirms the apt or allows them to suggest another date and time
We buy our metals in bulk and generally the other materials we buy as we need them.I would love for the Jewellers to have an Ipad and enter these details as they go, and it then to be linked to our office to determine costs.
We have only just started with Workshop Software  - we currently have the GST as exclusive in WORKSHOP SOFTWARE so it adds the GST on the invoices for us but when it syncs with Xero, Xero is adding GST on as well.
A lot of the apps talk about importing new Shopify orders as “invoices,” but that’s not how our business works - we don’t invoice our Shopify customers, they just pay us when they check out, and we ship the product.
I understand that you can create rules with xero but it's very clumsy compared to elegant way Mint and QuickBooks magically do the automatic categorization when statements are imported!Looking for this killer add on!
We want the loyalty program to collect points for each customer record, to a predetermined threashold, then issue a voucher via our thermal printer to give to the customer for next time.
Have you guys considered making a more extensive API for Xero?At the moment it seems fairly basic, and simply allows other products to communicate with Xero, reading and writing data in and out.
The design aspects are lacking a bit!Again: really like the product, but now just not quite so nice to use any more - any chance we can have a choice to go back to the previous look?Thanks,Alan
Keys to the Kingdom and a way that a disgruntled soon to be quitting employee can right royally screw things up!Bleet complete, living in hope that I am not the only subscriber who feels this way.
Page after page this means the whole "experience" is a bit slow.A common example is the file attachment listing, it's slow enough to render every time that's it's noticable.
Neither bank feed refreshes automatically (customer services say it's because the bank requires additional info, but when I refresh it manually I'm not asked for more info so don't really understand this).
i have seen  this before were a slick marketing team is employed in a business for a product that isnt quite ready for the real world in the hope enough money will help them solve it later.
CLUSTER 1419
Xero now shows that I owe $210 and that's what Verizon's system says as well.
It would be helpful to choose columns, have Tracking items information, etc.
I need to uses the official central bank rate for my accounting to work.
I'm hoping that I can use Xero to track timesheet for both employees and contractors.
Any tips?The world's fastest platform to provide capital to Small Businesses.
CLUSTER 1423
Even though they came as an over payment for these two invoices, I cannot do an over payment as it is not to be refunded or allocated against any future invoice.
I have tried going back through the bill screen and making payment but it doesn't recognise our USD account as a bank account.
* Social Media is huge with us as we rose from the grassroots and those mediums are fantastic for generating support, especially if you are a human.
When I log into Xero - I would always like Xero to open at the one spot - which preferably will be the demo company.
We would like to see an option when setting up earning types to toggle if the quantity is shown on the payslip.
We use the tracking capability, but in the detailed account transaction report, I'm unable to filter by department/location.
CLUSTER 1428
I'd be grateful if someone could confirm what options are available to me, I feel that this is something you should be able to control from the "basic" invoice settings
Any scheduled feature addition to have the pay now button include EFTs or to integrate with banks like Chase to do so?
I authorised and paid one of my own expense claims but later realised that I forgot to attach a photo of the receipt.
(Have also tried tracking but this doesn't really give me the info that I need in a standard P & L report) Any ideas?
I get that they wanted to roll it out for the new financial year, but they should have made an actual all inclusive payroll before doing so, or rolled it out later.
CLUSTER 1434
Hi all,I need to produce a report for a big potential customer which shows our on time payment performance over the last 6 months.
I've found that after creating a draft Profit & Loss report, then returning to it at a later time, the Summary is still present but the footnotes that I entered have disappeared.
When doing an invoice we can update email address and postal address but not telephone numbers.Is going to contacts the only way to update telephone numbers
At the moment the standard user with report access can publish the bank reconciliation report and BAS report but they can NOTedit the name of the report when publishing.
It would be much better if this list was sorted by account number or account type in the same manor that the Chart of Account is sorted.
The timesheet summary report shows the number of hours in each category, and the employee's earning rate, but does not show the actual dollar cost.
Hi, Our director has taken a directors loan and I know I have to use the correct code which I have found but I do I have to raise a purchase on the system to match this off?
It seems that as soon as you allow a user to send quotes that allows them to view all the payments we have made.Has anybody managed to get around this?thanksGraham
All was going well then I noticed when I reconcile a credit the balance goes down, reconcile a debit the balance goes up!Can't for the life of me work out why this is happening.
Hi,What does the first negative leave balance mean on our employee's payslip, I'm new to Xero and unable to give them an explanation.
Any tips?Lightspeed's integration to Xero seamlessly connects your point of sale to your Xero Accounting software, saving you time and money.
Other small water systems use a billing software to automatically calculate the monthly usage, but this is in addition to their Accounting system.
CLUSTER 1437
Finding budgets aren't being used enough with the SME's I'm working with, if Repeating Bills, Sales and Bank Rules are included automagically would help to encourage the use.Cheers(have no idea how big a migraine this would cause with the Dev team, but what a challenge!)
We get a lot of deliveries creating a lot of bills from 1 company.It would be great to be able to enter them all on one page then approve them all at once instead of entering each bill and approving before being able to enter the next on a new page.
Again she either has not read the other notes on file, or just doesn't understand the history, her response gives us no direction on how to update without having access to the subscriber.1-6 I inform Lauren that the subscriber is no longer accessible by the company and she is not a director or nor has any claim to the company, therefore the account should be transferred immediately to our director.
CLUSTER 1440
for example, I had to make an item called "shipping" since xero doesn't have a category on invoices for shipping specifically.so...For January:Total sales of dealer 1, dealer 7, and dealer 13.Show those sales with everything Thats pretty much it.
Could you please add a prompt when posting a payrun when an employee does not have any bank details entered.I have had a case where a client has posted the payroll and then used the ABA file to make the payment, the employee has ended up not been paid.A prompt or warning message would be helpful.
CLUSTER 1441
Also, what is the user flow from business checking account to end distribution (seems like multiple steps from what I gather)?2.
This is what I expected.BUT when you go to the SALES > AWAITING PAYMENTS section it shows $8789.07 paid and $1505.93 to be paid.
At the very least there should be a warning to indicate that no account codes have been input or an option to have GST automatically included where no account code is input.
Some people feel they are being rude or mean by saying something negative, but if you offer the platform to speak they will be more inclined to tell you what they think.
I am trying to get them set up in Xero with as little fuss as possible so it would be great to be able to continue with the sequecing that they have been running with to date.---
CLUSTER 1443
We pay GCVS to handle our payroll so I just have to record the amount we pay them then run a journal to split this between departments (I've not even tried to figure out how to do a journal entry on Xero yet).
Just a suggestion but when we are trying to reconcile superannuation to make sure clients have paid the correct amount, it would make it easier if the annual leave loading portion of the annual leave is reported separately.
CLUSTER 1446
Do I need to create a bill or only Reconcile the money that is spent?
We are having to click into each employee to download payslips at the moment which is very inefficient,
Please can we get it changed to suppliers only, or some other improvement please?
Can Xero be set to a different language (e.g.
Please contact the website owners to inform them of this problem.----
Can expense claims be added to approval max for authorisation.
CLUSTER 1452
What happens when a customer doesn't pay, but don't find out until the invoice is due - go back into the month the revenue occurred and void the invoice....this doesn't seem like a best practice and messes with projections.
Checkfront has a feature to do this where you can override the default account code in Xero, (Inventory>Items>Advanced) but if I click on the menu it just shows a blank drop down box so I can’t select the correct code or enter it manually.
CLUSTER 1453
So obviously i don't want to pay GST on sales that are international.Currently my Paypal feed just shows all sales and doesn't show where the sale comes from, I hoped it would have pulled that info from the feed, but I guess not.Can I automatically seperate sales from the international and Australia ?
I have multiple lines from the bank statement as each individual member of staff but the payment was posted to xero as total net wages.I have tried to use find and match but it won't let me part allocate as I go through the reconciliation process..... can anyone help?
CLUSTER 1458
I must be missing something here because I'm sure there must be a way to do this!!
Can we have Tracking Watchlist in Dashboard similar to Account Watchlist?
then select the inventory item which has the description of work performed?
If I put it under bank account, I can not do a manual journal to book against this.
The P32 is correct and what has been claimed on the EPS is also correct.
CLUSTER 1462
Yet when I go into the P & L for October, click on an expense, click on the payment, it shows that that Invoice was paid in November and there is GST on it??
(Or change the registration page to say that registration has already been applied for)One to confirm when Auto Super is ready to be processed.
This can be added by going into Report Settings and clicking on 'Show Total' and updating the report but I believe this is a number that should show on the report by default.
We have many clients who part pay our invoices but on the app, in the unpaid invoices section, it just shows the total invoice amount.
This is not possible at the moment, but I would like to see this, customisable to what you want to see.Anyone else want this feature added?
Currently Xero only allows you to edit one of the tracking categories during timesheet entry, the other is set as a default in the employee settings.
As there are multiple users of our a Xero account, we need the ability to message each other within xero to alert to things that require that users attention.
When I export a batch the details in the column where you put the invoice number/job number, generally this is requested by the supplier so they can pick it up in their account easily.
Hi, Our business is moving over to Xero from e-PayDay from the start of the new financial year and i'm trying to have it all set up and ready to go.
I need to send a customer a receipt today and only one specific invoice that I need to apply the payment to is inaccessible due to the Error 500.
CLUSTER 1465
Is it the first 12 numbers from your credit card?
I then allocate this payment into the suspense account (temporary).
It's not advantageous to employers when the salary is broken down this far.
I enter all 10 Descriptions and the Save & Reconcile.
CLUSTER 1467
I then use TransferWise to transfer the money to my Kiwibank (NZ) account.
i can't take it off as a line discount, it's a form of "tax" and needs to appear as such.
For me I find this extremely comforting and can't imagine it'd be too hard for Xero to implement.
That way, a negative balance will accumulate, which will be the exact amount I owe myself.
The reconciliation stays loading and actually shows the wrong details.
CLUSTER 1468
Currently ,the only way to delete them is to firstly search the record ,then individually click into each one, delete the record, and then follow the same procedure again.There needs to to be a way to select multiple records for not only deleting, but also for posting etc.
Working in the childcare industry staff are entitled to the 10 personal 20 annual leave days - but they only work 41 - 45 weeks.The legislation is very complicated.In MYOB we use percentage calculation.
I'm setting up a deferred payment service but I now will either have to manually change all my standard 7 days invoices or the 120 day invoices.If anyone knows a workaround I'm all ears
I have grouped them as a contact group, and can display their information including balance owing using smart list, but the only option is to send to a csv file, not print, which removes the balance owing?
My question is, will Xero adjust it's calculations around these entries, or will I have to make an adjustment?I've checked all the employees payroll summaries for this quarter and all but one are ok. Any ideas on where to start investigating the odd one out?
CLUSTER 1469
If it does give me a transaction number, do I need to enter this in to the reference field on the invoice so that when PayPal syncs with Xero, it can establish with transactions are related to each other and reconcile that they are all 100% completed and paid?My apologies if this seems like a silly question, like i said i am very new to all of this.
And instead of one report which gave all the necessary information to the person actually making the payments, now she has to be sent the two different reports as my manually edited Payroll Employee Summary Report does not contain bank account details as often there are new employees each week being paid.If I'm wrong and it can be generated from somewhere else please let me know.
CLUSTER 1483
At the moment when you prepare an AS amendment the form simply shows the revised figures.
All of these were available on the old P&L report which I though was laid out well.
When entering a receipt on iOS app the first line is "What was it for" with some suggestions for popular receipts.
several steps).You already do this for expense receipts so why not for uploading files to inbox?
Please can we have amounts instead or at least a drop down to change percentage to amount.
HiIt takes me forever to match the bank feed to the correct clients.
I would like some clarification that the leave accrual method is correct for the client?
It gets confusing trying to track what was sent and when it was sent outside of Xero.
CLUSTER 1484
Not using tracked inventory at the moment (because we're a service business who buys and sells labour, didn't seem appropriate...)
When I look at overdue invoices, they are overdue by the terms we specify but often they are not past when the customer normally actually pays.
Also, when a transaction is to be accepted into the xero, the chart of account information has to be entered, so that that transaction is accounted for into the accounting system.
Which would be inserted into the invoice layout (just like a text field).I look forward to this feature being added!Adam
I have been asked by a client to send their monthly recurring invoice to can this be done in Xero ?EGemail1@somename.comemail2@somename.com
I cant faind it no matter what so i cant correct them to get the balance right.Any idea would be greatful.Thanks Adam
I'd like to run the payroll on Xero to make use of the reporting functions, but this is only going to work if RTI can be disabled.
CLUSTER 1487
I created a credit note for a return made by a customer and apply payment to it using my Paypal account.The issue is,,, Transaction is appearing in paypal transactions but still showing as due in awaiting payment in invoices.Can some body make a comment to solve this issue or guide me the real process?
i also have 6 guys that they are doing this job for those contacts, they work on self employer and they invoice me at the end the month.. i record those invoices as a bill and i pay them from my bank account i have paid them 8000, now from the same amount 10000 i have paid the director 910 but the director salary is 950 now i need to pay employee tax 6.40 and employee nino 33.00 plus employer nino 33 total amount is 987 now those money went out from those 10000 how i reconcile those amounts.
i also have 6 guys that they are doing this job for those contacts, they work on self employer and they invoice me at the end the month.. i record those invoices as a bill and i pay them from my bank account i have paid them 8000, now from the same amount 10000 i have paid the director 910 but the director salary is 950 now i need to pay employee tax 6.40 and employee nino 33.00 plus employer nino 33 total amount is 987 now those money went out from those 10000 how i reconcile those amounts.
CLUSTER 1492
I can already upload receipts to an invoice but when I send that invoice to my customer the receipts don't go with it.
There is a period of about 20 days that are missing from when I did a previous bank feed import.
CLUSTER 1493
Also, if the tax is non-refundable and I want to assign the tax to expense account and do not want that it should get carried to the sales tax account?
I know I can set this up manually using 'assign expenses to customer',  but can I import the data with the client account name to auto create the billable expense?
Unless we can sort by these, the list will read 1 Anchor Close, 1 Harbour Way, then 10 Anchor Close, 10 Harbour Way.
The only way I can think of is to redo the PO/Bill as tax inclusive, but it seems like maybe there would be a more correct way?Thanks in advance!
When filing PAYG summaries for employees with the ATO through Xero, does Xero automatically generate the PAYG Payment Summary Statement as well or does this need to be done separately?Thanks
At the moment I am using Xero payroll for the labour hire business and I would like to bring it into the consulting firm but there are a few key things which are missing.
Perhaps a process that requires entry by an employee as a draft change that is then approved by someone else within the organisation?Thoughts and comments please.ThanksChris
CLUSTER 1494
I don't need to process another payroll as the amounts he has been paid FY to date are correct (I did a manual transaction to the correct account) however I do need to record these two transactions.Thank you, Kind regards, Faye
Hi everyonethere are many topics that talk about foreign currency and the requirements of showing Australia GST amounts but none that cover my needs.I would typically invoice in USD as this is our base currency.
They have now asked us to remove the payments from their account and send the money to the centre it was meant for.I have unreconciled the transaction but am not sure of the best practice for entering the receive money as if entered as an overpayment it shows up against the centre.
The first four are existing Inventory items and quickly reconciled but when we get to the fifth and sixth item that are new to our inventory we have to cancel the reconcile and jump into the Inventory module and add the new items and then go back and do the reconciliation.
Hi, I've noticed that the Advisor Directory only lists Bookkeepers within a 6km radius of my address,myself and one other.I travel up to 30 kms to some of my existing clients so could be missing out on a lot of potential business.
Currently you can run a report and see what days the casual staff worked each week, but not hours, so you have to look into every single weeks paysheet to identify hours worked over days to calculate the average.Thanks!
After Xero reaches a zero amount to pull from  it needs to stop trying to fulfill the tax obligation and issue a check for an amount of Zero.This is very important to the tipped employee businesses.
At present we code the WC receipts from the insurer and PPL receipts from the government into a "flow through" liability accounts, but the payroll side of the transaction does not have that set up option, so we have to do a manual journal after each pay run.
If so what access rights are these I want my bookkeeper to have access to recon, reports, create payment reports to submit for payment but I want to have the final approval to ensure no one accesses my accounts without permission.
1) I can't just enter that amount, I have to relate it to hours and a hourly rate.2) In a Draft pay run, the Employer NI comes to about £193 but £8112 is the annual threshold so it should be £0Can anybody help?
This isn't an issue when both addresses are for the same person but we have a lot of larger customers where the email address in Tradify relates to the person in the organisation who has requested the job and the primary contact field in Xero relates to the organisations accounts area.
CLUSTER 1496
Right now I have to export the report, load it into a PDF editor and apply the stamp and then send them to the client.
You can look at the history to see who did it, but again often they don't remember why they did it, and although they shoudl have made a note they haven't.
CLUSTER 1497
Hi,It seems that when there are more than 1 payment batch files generated/processed on the same payment date, there would be a problem upload the second payment batch file which exported from Xero for internet banking.
Each property has a different agent etc.When I reconcile the business account, how is best to do the entry of "Rent Income" for property 1?What do I put on the three boxes on the right (when matching transactions in Xero)?
I really like the Trust Distribution Report in the Financial Statements and I would like to add it as a Reconciliation Working paper in the Xero Working Papers but its not available as a single report.
The category is "Crit Series 2011-12" but I see "Crit Series 20..." which means I can't distinguish 2011-12 from 2012-13.Could you please enable the cell to mouseover the full value?Thanks,Daniel
It would be great to be able to approve leave from one window instead of clicking on Requested and having to drill down into the individual employee's leave and then going back to the employee overview window to find the next one.
Hi,When adding an contact,  find an address works but when I click on the address to auto fill, it adds the wrong country, for example all other fields are showing an address in australia but the country come as New Zealand or United Kingdom!
Hi im new to all this so apologize for what probably seems like a simple question but have tried researching for hours and its driving me around the twist.i am about to buy a van on hire purchase.
I can see the function to copy a purchase order to a sales invoice but each purchase order copied creates a new sales invoice whereas we need to provide a single invoice.
Hi Xero,Our business has just started using the Xero android app - we love it for receipt entry and storage.One problem however - the resolution of receipts captured by the app is quite poor.
Which must be manually cleared when payment is received.I have 2 thoughts on how to better handle this situation neither of which I like all that much, I am hoping for something better!First option is to change our Xero/Square integration setup to point the “Sales” & “Refunds” accounts to the Square clearing account.
CLUSTER 1500
I have the GST accounting method set to Cash Basis, but it is my understanding that regardless of the GST accounting method, businesses in Australia must use accruals method for income and expenses for tax purposes and financial years.
The features between these third party softwares and Xero's invoice reminders are essentially the same: the ability to set a schedule of reminders during fixed intervals to remind customers.The one feature that Debtor Daddy and Invoice Sherpa have, that isn't on Xero at the moment, is for us to receive list of scheduled reminders a day before they're sent.
CLUSTER 1502
To see the direct debit payments I have to go to the Bank transaction.I understand that the transactions are a bit different, but Xero knows the 'Spend Money' and the 'Bill' are the same Contact (I can navigate to the Supplier Account either way) but what I want is to see all the transactions relating to my accountant in one place.Not something odd to request - so I wonder if anyone has found a way around this - perhaps there is a plugin that will make this work?
Greetings I have 1 suggestion regarding find and re-code feature, to add remove and redo like bank accounts so we can remove or void the search results for example if i have 10 bills in different dates and i want to adjust them i can't i have to search one by one and i can remove them all or void them all if the bills are still awaiting payment, also to link each invoice or whatever you searching for so we can open it in new tap to adjust it, or we can adjust all search result amounts.Thank & Best Regards
Xero invoices have URLs like https://go.xero.com/AccountsReceivable/View.aspx?InvoiceID=(UUID), but the UUID isn't readily available to this system.Could Xero add support for viewing invoices by the invoice number, perhaps with a syntax like https://go.xero.com/AccountsReceivable/View.aspx?InvoiceNumber=(number) ?
I have contacts stored with the company name and sometimes I can not remember this name but can remember the contact person.ATM if I have a contact called 123 Company with a contact of Fred Jones, when writing an invoice I can not try typing Fred Jones but must remember 123 Company.For me, and doubtless for many others, it would be very helpful for this To box to look at both the contact company name and contact name.I hope I explained this clearly and that it makes sense!
I'm using a Cash on Hand account to model the contents of the till in my daughter's shop and I currently have two problems with this approach.1) When I submit a daily sales invoice, for the cash receipts for the day, I put a negative amount in the Cash on Hand account (this is the approach proposed by Peter McCarroll in his post entitled 'Recording Retail Sales' on 15 Aug 2014.
Hi forumI'm new with xero, and trying to finish March BAS form.I created an employee, and a "Pay Run".Added a Payrun, and entered some hours and rate, and manual tax to get it right.Then Posted the Payrun.Nothing actually paid yet, the net pay is still unpaid.
Now we are finally able to look at the stocks balance to prevent over ordering.However it's also not flexible when you have no stocks, Xero doesn't allow us to create the invoice.We will need to go create a new bill first before we are able to create the invoice to bill customer.It doesn't work for businesses like us that we required customer to prepaid before we proceed to buy a goods.
CLUSTER 1505
Hi all,I've moved office and paid a deposit for the rent, which I will hopefully get back when I leave, possibly years from now.
I have started using Xero, when listing my account balances I needed to input an overdrawn amount but on Xero is now comes up as in credit?
My point is when you put leave request far in advance the employer tend to leave until last minute and then forget that it exists.
This includes- Pay calendars- Pay items- SuperannuationIt would be good of having some way of showing clients why these items are locked.
Please add support so that at least Chinese, Japanese, Thai, and Korean are output correctly when printing / exporting to PDF.
Hi,I'm working through a client's payroll and they informed me that some of their staff have taken unpaid leave in the fortnight, which is fine and entered as normal.
Would like to know why when I am trying to use calendar for payments in Bills, it glitches and I cannot select todays date.
I eventually received the bounce back on 18/4/2016 which was 3 days after the invoice was due to be paid!
CLUSTER 1507
HiI don't know if anyone from the community can help but here it is...i have emaile dsuppor but as yet no response besides auto responder.I changed my email address on my account yesterday and now I don't have access to my data - it is critical to access for my business on a daily basis so could you help me please?My original login was al@e4m.co.uk and i changed it to feed me@e4m.co.uk, thinking it would just change the log in and not the whole setup!!
Then I go back to each employee and enter it in as benefits and deductions.My request is not asking for full workers compensation integration... just (what I imagine) is a small additional option in the benefits field in addition to the "Fixed Amount", "% of gross" and "Standard amount" that multiples an amount by the number of hours.
CLUSTER 1508
On the Standard template, the Unit Price includes the 10%GST but on the dock template the Unit Price does not include it.
MY dilemma is that when I look at both my balance sheet and my chart of accounts it still reports that the liability still exists.
Would it be possible for you to perhaps change, highlight, or animate the icon in the header to indicate that the timer is running in the background?
!When entering new contacts there needs to be an option as to which contact group you want it to belong to.Many Thanks
It would be great if you could enter your every day out of pocket expenses into Xero while you are OFF LINE.
At the mome I have to manually add each 'earnings line' which is a pain considering everyone has the same template.Cheers
I can use the Xero app to do it, but the Xero app does not allow (as far as I can see)  me to add notes or comments about the document.
Here's my predicament:I use Xero to email invoices to my clients with the option to pay using Stripe or by mailing a check.
The complexity is from year to year the invoice amount changes as we typically increase by CPI in July each year.
!I can delete when doing the payrun but I know I will forget to do this one day and they will end up with leave.How do I unassign the leave types?
CLUSTER 1510
Can anyone help with a method to record the UK Annual Investment Allowance in Xero Accounts?Here's the scenario; - I have a number of fixed assets registered within Xero - The annual expenditure for my first year of trading is within the Annual Investment Allowance limits (circa £80,000), i.e.
My tracking category is called Jobs and will house job numbers.Setting up the category if fine however, what report should I then run if I want to be able to print a list (export in excel) of all transactions (bills in this case) where a job has been allocated.
CLUSTER 1511
I have just picked up managing the wages that were done in MYOB previously but I have no idea of that program and only limited in Xero.What I need to do is be able to enter their invoices that are $32/hr plus $3/hr Superannuation.
I know I can use balance sheet reports to see the total accounts receivable balance for a particular category, but on drilling down this just reports all transactions (invoices, payments, etc) rather than customer balances.
Hello,I am testing Xero to make sure it fits our needs but I'm facing a very confusing situation:I have created an inventory item (let's say a product I want to sell) and have issued a purchase invoice (A/P Invoice) to have this product in the inventory.
He generally makes the invoices and I am the one to send out but the name(E-mail address ) comes up still his even though I logged in mine and sent it from me.How do I change it to mine.Thank you so much.Regards,Mio
We have recently given the team Xero access in order to allow them to raise their own purchase orders, unfortunately they are "forgetting" to enter account codes when entering the purchase orders plus the person approving the orders is approving them without adding the account codes.
That way you can jump to it quickly rather than scrolling down heaps on the dashboard etc This would be similar to the (1) or (25) etc which shows next to the bank account in the bank rules screen drop down bank account list
From 6 April 2013 all business must now report monthly;http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/payerti/getting-started/index.htmThere are free software packages that will do RTI but it can't be done through the web browser.
Hi team,Likely a silly question, but I have not been able to find the answer myself...... how do I change the first screen you see when you login to Xero?At some point mine changed from the dashboard (what I'd like to see) to my invoice screen.Thanks,Aaron
I have started to use the cash summary report, but I´m a bit confused as it shows non-cash items such as depreciation and other costs that have been accounted for but which did not affect the bank balances which are then added back again in the non-cash movements.
CLUSTER 1512
When you locate an invoice relating to an already submitted VAT ( Sales Tax in Xero's world) and you want to flag these for submission on next period.
I sort, and enter the bills alphabetically, so I can file them later, but w/ Xero I have to sort them the way the check print, then re-alphabetize them for filing.
I deliver consultancy services to a large company who send me multiple purchase orders depending on which area of the business I'm consulting for.
Very occasionally, a customer does not need one of the components so I then add a second invoice line to make a deduction of -£1.00 on the invoice.
Hi, I started using Xero this year but am just looking at the possibility of using the fixed asset register module rather than manual journals.
Surely if it goes through the process of sending the invoice, it should mark it as sent as everything apart from the initial import is done within Xero.
When the sales order is complete and ready for for installation the sales order is then converted to an invoice where the client pays the balance on installation.
Hi, I am finding is hard to delete a payroll pay run, I have deleted all the payments, the pay run has gone back to approved status.
I cannot seem to work out how to treat this in xero as the super isn't taken off the balance to be paid to the staff.Do others have this issue or any suggestions, thanks
I'm not able to edit active employment details without adding new, but I need to delete one or both and replace with the correct one.
our payslip did not show the time off accrual although we had set up correctly and it was correct in previous month, it just happened in this month that It did not show the leave accrual.
CLUSTER 1514
Unfortunately it has been brought to my attention by a client that when an employee fills in a Timesheet they can manually choose which award Level to be paid on.
which will automatically calculate the total cost when you add the desired working hours to the staff roster template.
I've just allocated all the Pay Items to 50 employee so hopefully I dont have to delete these Pay Items and start again!
CLUSTER 1517
My understanding is Xero automatically calculated RE at the end of the year.
Approval everytimeWhy are my template invoices not approving?ThanksGeoff
I reallocated the payment to the old supplier plus an overpayment.
CLUSTER 1519
Hi All I run a non-profit organisation and I am battling to set Xero up to allow me to report as I need to in order to comply with the requirements of multiple donors.
Everything seems straight forward but I have these questions:1) VRBO pays out damage deposits and returns the deposits to the guests 2 weeks after checkout.
Normally in MYOB when collecting a rental bond it would be allocated to an Assets account as pre-paid bond and then once the tenant's holiday period is up the bond gets returned.
I have two amounts that show as un-reconciled £117 & £47 I have placed the full amount £164 into my bank and reconciled that amount but I still have the two separate amounts to deal with2.
It would be good to add an expense account to pre tax deduction pay items that auto posts the debit to the appropriate expense and credit to the wages expense account.
I think the concept of having a set number of votes is great, however given that votes are only returned to the contributor once Xero decides to implement a request, it pretty much kills the concept...
These payments maybe invoices I have sent out or as a result on received money which is entered into Xero.These separate amounts show in transactions page but the same amounts do not show in Find & Match.
Also the ability to tick the first item and hold the shift key, click the bottom item and have all items in between ticked - like in cash coding.
If I set the conversion date at 1st April I can enter the year end balances but then wont have the april transaction in the system.Am I missing something obvious?
The idea being that once the onvoice gets to 7 days or more overdue it gets a chase.I used to print out a simple list to give to our credit control lady, consisting of:Customer nameInvoice numberRefTotal amtDue date No.
Any tips?Neatly connects your Xero account to view a wide range of data important to your business and compares next to a diverse choice of metrics.For more information visit .
I am researching into whether the Float app would help me with cash flow forecasting and am wondering whether anyone else has had experience with this APP when invoice discounting some of their sales ledger.
CLUSTER 1522
Is it possible to refine the Aged Payables Report to print an "as at date" that excludes those since paid?
However, when I reconcile the individual transactions in both the USER1 and USER2 accounts, my reports show double the money spent.
CLUSTER 1524
Or would I create a bill for the spend I did see a post somewhere suggesting this way of working but I cant find it now!
In practice I always end up reformatting all the Xero reports just because the transaction data is not stored on one line from the export.
What I need is something in between - a report that shows me the details of each staff member's annual earnings by category but this doesn't seem to be available.Any ideas anyone?
Xero has so many great articles in the Help Center, but there are many, many articles on the same topic and they are all slightly different.
What I would like to request is a report in the same format as the Income by Contact report, but which only reports on sales invoices and credit notes.
I have set up my checking account and written a couple of checks but when I enter the checks, my bank balance seems to increase.
CLUSTER 1529
Was just wondering the best way to reconcile both transactions?Cheers
A report that shows the overall profit $s and % for each individual sale.
We had to manipulate the CSV import to reflect the correct balances.
Finally you can now go back and start creating that asset again.
We noticed this because when we created our KPI dashboards, the numbers didn't add up.
CLUSTER 1531
I think that this sort of USER cannot use the iPhone app – but this may change – I may be incorrect here.The receipts are:-	Used to reimburse the employee – which I am OK with.-	Used to claim back from the client – there was a function in MYOB to do this – but I am struggling to understand how to easily do this in Xero.
It would save me so much time each yearIn conjunction with this I am adding a request for batch payment of credits like you do with purchase invoices, currently I have to go into each individual credit, enter the date, account and reference for each credit note to be paid.Then when I have to reconcile them I had to individually find each credit note to apply to the one payment from the bank.
CLUSTER 1534
It seems nonsensical that this is the only version of Xero not to have cash coding.If you decide not to do this can you please fix the reconciliation account process so that it does not auto code transactions based on the last code used.
Hi i was just wondering if your going to put a calendar with xero, currently I'm using google calendar and there are plenty of accounting software with calendars , just wondering why xero doesn't have one ?
CLUSTER 1536
The other half is then banked generally once a week.I set up a Float and my procedure for reconciling (I do this once each week) is as follows:1) Create a Sales Invoice for the week according to the stores computer system2) Reconcile eftpos sales for that week as being paid to that invoice3) Reconcile cash banked as being paid to that invoice4) Assume amount still owing is the cash thats been kept on hand for the week and reconcile it to the float to fully finalise the Sales invoice as being paid.I now have a very inflated Float balance of approximately $80k.
The problem is that if I do this then my revenue and expenses will be artificially high and my profit loss will be more difficult to analyse, not to mention it would be all very messy.My accountant did mention I could set up a clearing account but I'm not quite sure how this would work and she is away for a week so I am seeing if anyone else has a suggestion/explanation?Thanks HeapsCal
choose from Customer B $2000 allocate to Income Received in Advance account GST applied.Step4: check sales - Customer A account can see $5000 in credit, same as Customer B in credit $2000Step5: check Balance Sheet can see Liablities - Income Received In Advance $7000.Step6: raise an invoice for Customer A just $5000 exactly.
All my invoices (created in another program) do this.ATO:https://www.ato.gov.au/Business/GST/Issuing-tax-invoices/I can't find where to enter the buyer's ABN, when creating a sales invoice in Xero.Also, there doesn't appear to be a company field.So I need to address invoices to Attn: Mr Man @ Company, where does the company name go when creating an invoice in Xero?Apologies if I am missing something here... this should be basic stuff, and the options for these two fields are just not on the "create invoice" page at all.
Hi all,I've recently taken on the finance role for a company and have discovered that the wages payable account has had a steadily increasing balance for the last 12 months.I'm assuming that there is an issue where wages are being paid from the expense account instead of the liability account, letting the liability grow and grow.Does anyone have any advice (that a newbie like me can understand) on how to find and fix the causes of this issue?Thanks in advance.
I've just noticed that some employees have leave accruals set up and other don't, however, no annual leave or personal leave has been entered into Xero as it has been recorded separately.Some employees have had opening leave balances entered.How do I go about making adjustments so that the annual leave and personal leave accruals are now correct?ThanksLisa
CLUSTER 1538
The issue with this is having to APPROVE all the other 10 expenses when all I want to do is update this single piece of information and approve when I can dedicate some quiet time to review all the expenses in a timely manner.We all know that once the expense is approved it is very time-consuming to "undo".
I generally want to reconcile my bank accounts to a month end date and find it quite confusing having bank feeds and transactions beyond the date I am working to.
Oh, we had 6 active employees back in October, but at the moment, we only had 4 and we stay on the $50 plan.The answer I get back from customer support is:"In order to post your pay run, you will need to upgrade your subscription.
CLUSTER 1540
I do however have a number of expenses that are $USD.But for each $USD transaction it's importing 4 line items when it's sourcing funds external to PayPal which I am ok with so you can see where the money is coming from, but it's mixing the currencies and treating the $USD transaction as $AUD (pre currency conversion).
Easy to do when you have bank feeds and can just do a 'Find & Match', however this is for a payment that was received in the period between the conversion date and when bank feeds were finally up and running.Seems like such a straight forward thing to do, but I can't work out how to do this other than to put it though as an overpayment, which doesn't seem right, but maybe this is the only option??
CLUSTER 1548
My question is do I list the expenses one by one and associate them with the individual expense accounts that I have.
Unless I ask them to use a numbering sequence for the invoice references e.g.
We also want to make sure the receipt is captured and that everything is reconciled properly.
We currently have to export this report to excel and manually add in all the credit notes.ThanksToni
Now they've sent me a credit note of 70.04.Can someone please advise how to deal with this
At present ADP are processing the payroll but we would like to bring this back in house.
CLUSTER 1549
Currently, invoice reminders all come from the main account and the reply to address can not be changed.This means that all the different branded themes we have for different trading names can't use this feature as the follow up reminder comes from a different name and branded logo and different email address!Invoice reminders is great, but it really needs to follow the branding theme set for the customer it's emailing the reminders too.
I've been using a trial of WorkflowMax, which I love, but unfortunately it only allows the setup of two tax rates compared to the "layered" tax model that Xero natively offers and I HAVE to be able to track and report on multi-jurisdictional sales tax(es).I was curious how other companies with similar tax collection requirements are handling their accounting?
CLUSTER 1551
On Total Cash In & Out on the dashboard when a payment is made to HMRC for VAT it is showing as money going out.
HiAll of the income coming into my business bank account is transfers from the Directors own personal accounts.
We have tried the latest but the new layout still does not display the fixed assets.
I get a 'system error' popping up when I try to access last weeks timesheets.
The only problem is that we have a lot of cash sales and we also pay purchase invoices using cash.
CLUSTER 1552
My question is what account should i charge the portion that belongs to the stylist?
This helps other teamworkers who may not have access to Xero like I do.
Especially when "State" is a separate field in the customer file.
It would be best if it worked just like cells in Excel.
Time consuming when I have to do 100 invoices in 1 hit.
CLUSTER 1553
from our personal accounts.I don't mind to be reimbursed or not but for each case how should we class these, 1. expense claims OR 2.pruchase/billed to ourselves?In the first instance, there is an approval process that I don't specifically need, and it doesn't seem to show on the dashboard as Total Cash Out even when "paid" (which it is!)
At present, Xero imports transactions from bank which appear in checking account as 'PayPal -&#163;22.30' for example, but, other than amount, no further information regarding the transaction appears – as you might expect, (while also expecting the actual transaction details to be imported in the PayPal account).
In fact, files that would import fine in other programs just aren't good enough for Xero.That means that I've seen this a few times:"An error occurred for the following reason:The file you uploaded does not contain valid statement data.
(Insurance, mv expense etc).The bank account I transfer money from is another bank account I have within the same bank with my business account, but neither do I add that into xero nor activate bank feed, so when I transfer money from this acc to biz acc, how do I reconcile this transaction?
Once a staff member has requested leave that is then approved I cannot see an option to delete it in the event that their requirement changes (ie amended dates etc).Can you please advise how they go about deleting a pending or approved leave request to resubmit with new dates.Thanks
We'd then like the totals for all our projects' expenses to auto add to our direct costs on our Xero budget in Xero.This way we can accurately forecast our direct cost expenditure in Xero, and we use Float to monitor cash flow.
CLUSTER 1555
Fast forward to 2016, when I reconcile I balance but I still have about 200 outstanding invoices (all from 2015) in my reconciliation.
Is there a report available that shows the Batch Payment made ands the individual items that make up that total.
The Australian Securities & Investments Commission is a pain to deal with but is vital to keep up to date records.
You can now exclude void and deleted but the report currently adds in draft and awaiting approval invoices.
In the general ledger account detail view, there is a "Type" column which shows the type of document that the information comes from.
What I'm hoping for is a graph where I can compare the receivables from a certain date of the month, compared to other months historically.
I have tried to enter the ATO TFN exemption codes but this keeps rejecting with Not a Valid TFN.
If I manually create one bill for the transaction it shows double the figure in my P&L report.
CLUSTER 1559
The account we were trying to transfer from the payments never processed in this account so nothing comes up on the bank statement (this is a Bankwest acc).
However I have realised that I rely on the ability to look back through all of the old invoices stored on myob and will need access to them.
What I'm saying is we should be able to save certain reports within the Annual accounts as Favourites so we can use them all the time.
We have noticed over recent months that the speed of screen refreshes when clicking between screens and company files in Xero has slowed.
CLUSTER 1563
I have a few customers which all fall under the same group but are invoiced individually.
for example all the BAS payments, and asic payments?
CLUSTER 1567
Do I receive the payment through Find & Match or apply payment directly through invoice?CheersPaul
The invoice gets paid which means the payrun line item remains as an outstanding payable.
CLUSTER 1570
I really need to be able to add an attachment to the xero generated remittance advice that includes details on the payment made not covered in the remittance.
If you cancel xero can you export your uploaded files and images such as invoices / receipts etc incase you need them in the future?
CLUSTER 1572
Initially, the packages and invoices are sent through timely, but accounts are reconciled through xero.
When I go through my Xero inbox, I'd like to be able to delete a file when I am viewing it.
It shows at a glance the health of your business and you can derive a quick profit & loss from it.
Or even a prompt when you try to send it reminding you it's still a draft invoice.
When splitting transactions, provide somewhere for it to tell you how much you have left in $ to code.
Then been issued a partial refund by that supplier which has landed in the business account to be reconciled.
The client will be generating all the invoices in our application and wants to import the invoices into Xero.
We use the categories in the timesheets to assign the hours worked to the appropriate clinic.
We also need to be able to provide job reports to back up the usage.
CLUSTER 1578
We issue invoices for annual fees say for £1200 for 1 years service but we do not want it to hit the Sales GL in full - what is the recommended procedure for handling deferred income?
The "All" invoices tab in "Sales" (and the related search) should including the tick-boxes that are present in all the other tabs.At present you can search for all of a clients outstanding or paid invoices and download one PDF with multiple invoices.
CLUSTER 1579
Hello all!Still learning about accounting best practices, and something doesn't seem right with what I'm doing, because Xero kind of makes it hard to do it.
Currently, the app only shows payments made, not payments received.Please could Xero add this feature also.
When a Batch Payment file is created in Xero, payments for multiple bills to a single supplier are combined in to a single transaction.
All a user would have to do is enter their internal job reference code into the "Reference" field for each transaction and then see that grouping in the P&L Report.
Hi, we are new to Xero, can someone please tell me if I can print a report to tell me all purchases that have been put to a job number.
Xero has all the information (invoice - direct expenses / time sheet data).Thanks and hope someone might have some information...
CLUSTER 1580
Currently I have to times the gst amount by 11 with a calculator and enter that, then subtract that from the total for the next line and with this new change there is actually 2 more calculations added...to enter a single invoice...holy cow :(
Birthday   Report   so  that   it  can  be  generated  each  fortnight  to  check   which  staff  have  a  birthday  Report  needs to  show  the staff members  name,  date  of  birth,   classification  and  rate  of  pay.Leave  Liability  Report   does  not  show  a  commencement  date  of  each  employee.
CLUSTER 1582
The laptop was still in use, but in the accounts had been fully depreciated.I am really insure as what to do in the accounts!At the moment I have allocated the insurance received as "Other Income" which seems to make sense to me, but I'm not confident this is correct.But how do I treat the replacement?
This is an excerpt from my SOH account http://nimb.ws/rPKNmS.And here is the other side of the transaction in my COGS account http://nimb.ws/svXICY.It shows a sale and a credit note.
It does not show the user's name who posted the journal.I kindly request Xero to implement this feature where we can see a user's name on a journal that has been posted via an external add-on like Xero workpapers.
I have an issue which I have not been able to resolve when dealing with these items in a bank statement.Some time ago HSBC changed their statements when recording credit/debit card purchases made in a foreign currency.
Hi and sorry if this has been answered before but I have not been able to find the right thread.I am starting as a bookkeeper with a new client and they are just setting up Xero, having previously used excel to record everything.
It will likely take 8 pay periods for her to pay back the loan this way.I would assume that this is something employers typically do, but I didn't find much in the community on the topic.
Or am I missing something fundamental ?Need to make a decision as to which one to adopt in our Practice (c25 clients), and obviously want to get it right.Does either have a 'killer feature' that distinguishes it from the competition ?
CLUSTER 1585
Hi All,Just having trouble in terms for presentation of the income tax expense.
an Income by Contact report only shows the amounts without  GST?
"We really appreciate all the feedback so far and understand the need for this feature.
click the schedule date to filter the bills list to these3.
CLUSTER 1592
When a rule is created for a Payee the payee could be providing both taxable and non-taxable services, leaving the Tax rate visible would make it easier to process during reconciliation.
Payroll transactions may not be under that definition of 'Exempt' and not reportable.- It appears that the Global sales tax reporting is based on the New Zealand sales tax requirements.
It is a bit of a chore looking for invoices that have been automatically created but not sent.Maybe repeating invoices could at least be created to the 'awaiting approval' tab so you have some kind of indication when these require dealing with
- it doesn't balance any more because we (happily) made a profit!This makes me wonder specifically if the retained earnings account is actually the retained earnings brought forward from the previous year?
I would believe that every business in the world require quick/easy sales reports that shows them how many products / and what product that have sold over a period (daily, monthly, quarterly, annually).
We postponed our auto Enrolment to 30/09/16 so I now need toprocess the payroll to include pensions.To the best of my knowledge I have set everything up but Xero does not calculate the pension when I run the payroll.
CLUSTER 1593
Some sort of pointer towards a project management tool may be the answer although I can't see an add on that does this.
How do I enter payment received from customer  the amount  of which is reduced by his fee, hence less than invoice amount
Hi allTried everything here but can't find out how to stop my quantity column from displaying two decimal places.
I believe an added button to send remittance when making or recieving payment will be hugely beneficial.
I've tried adding the department head as an additional contact, but there is no option to send it to the contact of my choice from a list.
Would be great to have previews flicking up quickly, so we can scroll thru a group of search result images...
I am sure that other people are asking for the same thing so it must at least be on your radar, but when can we expect to see it?---Note: this is a request for .
CLUSTER 1598
It appears that this is happening because these people have the "Authorised to approve leave" option ticked on their employee tab AND they also have a personal email account attached to their payroll file and they have been given an invite to MyPayroll.This is risky as users could accidentally select the wrong name when applying for leave via the app and have their leave request emailed to a personal email account.
)2) How can I create an pay run without any hours assigned to it or at least that no line relating to hours and hourly rates appears on a pay slip - the concept simply does not apply in my case.These two problems apply to three different Directors with three different start dates.3) Do I have to create three different calendars?
CLUSTER 1600
Either a tick box on the Aged Receivables / Payables report which "shows notes" on active invoices, or a separate report from the Invoices screen?Please?Would be very handy for monthly management reporting to Key Stakeholders as we are currently exporting to Excel and writing details next to the invoice - when the info is already captured in Xero?
Every single time I want to import a statement to Xero, I need to first open the CSV file and change all commas to semi-colons and also change the format of numbers to match American formatting.This cannot be done by "search and replace" (if you search for all "," and replace with "."
CLUSTER 1601
Hi I am missing entries from my bank statement on the Xero bank entries from 24/4, I have refreshed bank feed twice today but they are still not appearing but more current dates have appeared.Any ideas, I have double checked and the entries have been posted in xero and are showing u reconciled.
i have logged it with Xero support, and get the usual look at our online documents, which just show 1 expense for a single employee and only 2 employees.. which yeah works fine.I cannot imagine larger companies with more staff do it this way, it would take forever.any help would be appreciated.cheersAndrew
In many of the email templates there are placeholders for the invoice number but in the remittance advice template there is not an option to add a supplier invoice number in the remittance - I currently use the reference field to record this information - please add this to the template options.Also the ability to add an email footer placeholder to the templates would be a great addition to the system
?I put more information in the ref  as inTown ...  inlet works brush change rubber replacement maintenance works Date..TBA Order PMMT ........Name ............This allows me to know the job track location by town or search jobs But it dues not work the same in quotations????
That doesn't seem to have been raised at all.If Xero could merge invoices (per the Feature Request Post "Invoicing - Combining multiple sales invoices" in 2013) that would also provide a work-around but as of June 2014 Xero had "no plans" to resolve this.Given all this, has anyone else managed an effective work-around to this problem?
However, they're a large furniture retailer who uses MYOB Point of Sale software currently, and want to use a Xero add-on POS software such as Vend.They want to speak to a business (does not need to be in the same field) who has made the shift from the MYOB POS software to Vend or similar software, just to be able to ask more specific questions in relation to the software and how the move has affected the business etc.Any help in this regard would be massively appreciated!
CLUSTER 1603
That is the advice I've received from my accountant.So in the Xero activity statement reports, the value for 'Total sales (including any GST)' is calculated on a cash basis.
I've created a custom branded invoice and I'd like to show the Tax Inclusive amount in right-hand column of my invoices.
Hi there,I'm starting to send invoices using Xero, but am having problems issuing invoices that are not VAT Invoices (as in, an invoice before payment with the VAT invoice coming after).
enable to create of templates for timesheets like the way pay templates are set up as each employees have different pay items associated to them.
I have a few concerns and questions that are holding me back...  1) Does the integration sync  orders (including those paid with by Shopify Payments + other gateways e.g.
It would be great if we could turn off the sent and accepted functions or even be able to quickly change the status.That is it for my first post.
CLUSTER 1606
A solution that prevents customers from buying from us is out of the question.I signed up for Vend thinking that this would be a good option since Vend does keep track of inventory and it is a really nice system.
When we run payroll, the result is a bit of paper with all the amounts written on it and i then have to login to the bank and pay each person.This seems like something the computer could do.
CLUSTER 1611
The problem is that when I want to mark the payment, the prepayment created last year doesn't show as an option.
However, iZettle only offer the option to send all sales to Xero as one sales code (200).
How do I get Xero to bring across all bank feeds so I can reconcile every payment we've ever made?
I have a client who has an invoice finance facility which the bank require a minimum coverage of stock of 2 times (at all times)
Hi,we received quite a lot of invoices from our subcontractors over the period of a couple of months after our year end.
Do we just do an unscheduled pay run, put in all the past leave requests and schedule them for the next pay run?
CLUSTER 1614
When I setup Tracked Inventory for a small business, I added a Stock Adjustment account, which is under Current Assets on the Balance Sheet.
I have been told that this is because the invoices on the system are not coded as inventory items (ie the Item Code field is left blank).
This is a great feature that saves me lots of time (e.g., not having to search for suburbs and post codes) so when it isn't working it's very frustrating.
CLUSTER 1615
Is the invoice number correctly incremented ; when creating an invoice manually i have to look at the MAX value i already have and add 1 (seems like software could do that itself?).
Currently I have a standard reimbursement item on their payslip template,  the problem is I have to manually adjust this every month for every employee to match the different no of working days in that month and also reduce the allowance to take their annual leave into account.
CLUSTER 1616
Where does the RCT account go on the balance sheet?
One of those businesses has payroll staff, the other does not (and will not, ever).
Currently it will only let them pay the full balance.
CLUSTER 1617
Hi All,I recieved a an invoice from someone who uses MYOB, and on the bottom of their Invoice, they had a link, which would provide the customer with a secure page, where they could enter their credit card details into and make payment.Does anyone know if Xero offers a similar option?
I've now run a profit and loss report and the figures are incorrect:  My total income shows correctly, but the 320 direct wages amount is taken off the cost of sales to give a gross profit.
CLUSTER 1618
I've tried adding all the details again (bank membership number etc) but nothing helps.Any ideas?
But the invoices and payments are all in Xero, I just can't reconcile themSee these screenshots:I've tried searching by name, invoice number etc.
CLUSTER 1622
We have the opening balances entered, but the accrual isn't happening.Grateful for any help here...Linda
There is a horrible data silo problem that pervasive to the entire Xero Ecosystem.
To check that the correct amount has been calculated entails about 5 steps to check.
I type out a detailed quote, then try to hit 'send' to the client.2.
CLUSTER 1623
Within Xero Work papers, the mapping of all accounts should flow through from Xero, with the capacity to use the exact same codes as what is used to map financial reports in Xero.
Payroll summary report (able to export to CSV) to show clearly the Gross, Tax, NIC, Student Loans and Net pay for each employee.
CLUSTER 1625
Then GST, PAYGW, PAYGI will reconcile to the final BAS for the financial year.My business partner believes the ICA should reflect what has been lodged and is still due to be paid with all unlodged BAS for the financial year reflected in the GST, PAYGW and PAYGI accounts.My thoughts are that regardless of when the AS is lodged the liability occurs at the due date.
Hi all,I have Inventory items for overseas customers, so I set the Tax Rate for each of them to "GST Free Exports".But when I add any of these Inventory items as a line in an Invoice, the Tax Rate flips back to "GST on Income" which is wrong.This looks like a bug to me, or am I missing something?Regards,Leigh
Hi, I would like to be able to view the Activity where it shows only the financial transactions, eg, invoice issued, receipt received, credit note issued, etc.When I am reconciling an account and the Activity is also full of notes, eg.
CLUSTER 1626
So I understand the accounting equation; but I am a new business owner transitioning into the accounting field.
I'd like a way to prevent a job averaging out hours across the whole scheduled time.
CLUSTER 1629
Now, with the invoice generated (but in "Draft" form) I can Approve the invoice, which will trigger Xero to ask if I want to allocate the existing Credit Note.
HiWe've started to use the new DirectLi GocardLess Xero integration service which works really well.
CLUSTER 1630
When a customer contacted me to say they couldn't see their attachment, it took me a while to figure out why because I could see in the summary screen that there was a file attached.At the moment in the invoice summary, I can see that an invoice has an attachment but there doesn't seem to be a way of telling whether it's been included with the invoice without going into each individual invoice.
We have made the move from Sage to Xero, but on Sage it was easy to make the VAT amounts match the invoice or receipt from the supplier as you can just edit the VAT amount manually if required, as it quite often is.Hopefully this shouldn't be a difficult feature to create as VAT is listed separately at the bottom of the new spend money form anyway, but it just needs to be a field that can be edited.Many thanks.
Provide a field that I can complete on the invoice or contact, that will be visible on the list of Sales Invoices to tell me which ones to Email and which ones to print.When I have approved all of my Sales invoices and I am ready to send them, I can then see from the Sales list which ones I want to select for Emailing and which ones I want to select for printing.
My issue is this:Employee 1 earns $120k per yearJune '17 they work 22 of 22 days - they are paid $10k per Xero (rate of 59.81 (22 days * 7.6 hours))July '17 they work 21 out of 21 days - they are paid $10k per Xero (rate 62.66 (21days * 7.6 hours))Employee 2 earns $120k per yearJune '17 they work 20 of 22 days - they are paid $9,091 per Xero (rate of 59.81 (22 days * 7.6 hours)) July '17 they work 20 of 21 days - they are paid $9,524 per Xero (rate 62.66 (21days * 7.6 hours))Why would they be paid more for 20 days in July than in June?
When the Xero ledger allows the usage of 2 Tracking Categories for each debit or credit, it is strange that the Payroll GL postings are limited to only one, which is the one potentially assigned to each employee as a member of an Employee Group, assuming that at least one of the Tracking Categories is being used for Employee Grouping purposes.
CLUSTER 1632
We need to be able to get a list of the assets for stocktakes and audit purposes.
Complex rules are used to calculate the amount of time we actually pay them for.
We obviously do not want to provide greater levels of access to the staff.
CLUSTER 1635
If they are considered assets how does depreciation work for the ones on subscription, as they are essentially brand new pieces of software every 12 months?Just one of many questions I'm sure I will have on this journey into business.Thanks for any help.Brendan
Hi Team,I would like to request an additional placeholder for the Organization's "Display Name".This placeholder is very important, as our company name is registered under a DBA.It is very unprofessional when our invoices and emails do not match with the proper business name.Currently, email templates and invoice reminders only allow using the "Trading Name".
CLUSTER 1638
Hello all, I just noticed that the sales tax paid on purchases is not included as part of the expense and does not show up on my income statement.
Hi, We have an online store and have started using AfterPay (buy now pay later interest free) as another payment option.
Currently we are creating invoices for the orders and booking them to an internal user, but of course this money is never actually paid, because we would pay it to ourselves.
I have clients that wish to generate reports to show their customers the total number of each item purchased without them the detail of each invoice listed.
The new profit and loss report allows you to select previous financial year as a reporting option - which is great thank you.
Currently when you publish a 	Bank Reconciliation report the title is  it would be really handy if the name of the bank account was appended to the title for example
My bank recently closed my local branch which meant the BSB on all my business accounts changed and affected it synching with Xero.
Hi there,Recently I found I over paid to an employee, so I tried to use unscheduled pay run to reduce the salary paid to the employee.
When I coded them all and transferred them to Xero there are 25 that have no invoice file attached.This is quite frustrating as the whole purpose is that there will  be a digital copy of every invoice.
CLUSTER 1641
The Due Date is now at the bottom of the document, it has lost the To:  and  From:   The Invoice Date:  Invoice No: etc is in between and muddled up with the addresses.
I;d like to suggest a couple of new options when importing CSV files as bank statements:1.
When we enter a negative purchase order for... say... 25 refundable pallets which are being returned to our supplier.
CLUSTER 1642
When approving a bill set up by another user, it is sometimes useful to jump to the 'activity' tab for the supplier 'contact', to look at the history of the amounts of recent bills from that supplier.
I've been watching the newly released videos for Xero Payroll (for the UK) and noticed that currently you must calculate and enter the amounts for statutory sick pay and maternity pay manually.
CLUSTER 1644
I am doing a Xero assignment for school and was wondering how i would account for this question, would i have to manually input the journal entry?
Hubdoc is currently doing this but its another expensive monthly subscription for most business, so if Xero had the function it would be great.
The headache I have dealing with a multi column P & L report that outputs in the wrong chronological order is a nightmare.
It brings across the address but does not bring across the Contact Name in the Attention box or the Telephone number.
Then the generated image still shows a line saying it's 7 days overdue if today was the 8th March
I can't find anything that would allow us to do this in Settings or Payroll.Any help would be appreciated.Thanks
Hello,This is a UK Payroll question and i need help pls.This is my problem.I got this ltd and i am the only employee as a director.
CLUSTER 1646
I want to be able to associate a salesman with a customer, such that when an invoice is raised for that customer the salesman is associated with the invoice by default.I would be happy to use a tracking category or any other method as long as i can report on it e.g.
I have raised 4 in all as separate features (see below for one of them) and hope to see at least some of them as future updates!It would be really useful to see the foreign currency invoices in Sales/Purchases translated into the base currency.
CLUSTER 1647
There doesn't seem to be an option to directly attribute a charge to a client?
I have clients with employees that are exempt from Federal Withholding taxes.
To do this correctly, a 'last used date' would be beneficial.
With Xero at moment do not exist a margefiled to apply into the document.
Upon discussion with our accountant we do not require this so I want to disable it.
CLUSTER 1650
administration costs, but how do we also link it back to the recorded liability to reduce the liability as the grant is used?Hope this makes sense.Thanks
Do I use the tax setting in Xero for this to happen automatically (currently I have all of them set to 0% b/c I thought they were for sales tax only)?
When adding an invoice, purchase or purchase order a box will appear with the link "add another x"This function is not available in the quotes module.
For those of us using the Xero Touch app on Android that are partners, having lots of clients and having to sit there and scroll through them all until we find the one we want is painful!
The second is a line item of type INV called Square - Net Credit Card Sales that is the invoice that square uploaded on each day.
When recording payroll tax payments the payments are showing up in the cash account not as a single line item but with all the detail for each payroll run.
I guess I am trying to see the benefits (time saving especially) in this integration and utilise them as an opportunity to remove multiple points of processing and increased efficiency.
CLUSTER 1652
Hi forumNewbie here.I'm trying to get xero to calculate PAYGW correctly from payroll.Can't find anything in the "user manual".An employee can claim exemption from the Medicare Levy, complete form NAT 0929, and submit with employer.Employer is then required to reduce the PAYGW in accordance with the software formulas contained in NAT 1004.
Hello All.I am trying to post transactions from both a credit card and bank account directly to a GL code.In this instance Bank charges.However, every time i try to post the transaction, the system wants me to post to a supplier's account.Is there a way i can post an expense directly to a GL code?Thanks in advance Steve
One of our clients is opening a subsidiary in Brazil and we would like to find an English speaking Brazilian Accounting firm to deal with the new subsidiary locally.Experience of Xero would be ideal but we could give remote training.For further details please get in touch with gary@robinsonandco.co.uk ThanksGary Robinson
I have come across a problem with clients that have a year end that is not at the end of a month, the most typical example being 5 April.There is no problem running a P & L for the period but the balance sheet only runs to the month end and also the reconciliation reports do.At the moment have set to 31 March year end and then adjusting the dates.
It also asked Jane to setup which company she wants to join, so it looks like it has set her up as a new user not attached to our business.How do I get Jane, who is using the accounts@businessname.com.au email address, to get access to our business accounts, given that the email id has been previously been deleted.
Occasionally when importing we find a Contact name already exists, but as the import tool merely identifies that there is an existing contact (rather then identify which contact it is) so we waste a lot of time trawling through our Xero contacts list to identify the duplicate, to ensure we are not overwriting contact details of a contact that shares the same name.
First tracking = our Sectors (ie: Administration, Secondary school & Primary school)Sec tracking = Cost centres / departmental budgets When I run a profit and loss report for say Secondary sector and select "All cost" in tracking 2 - it produces a huge report with all the Cost centres whether they have transactions or not.
Specifically what we would like to see is:1) Give a checkbox option a the top to include "QTY" field in report.2) When checked display the "QTY" field as a column in the report (the data is already captured)3) On option to show all types for a tracking category on the one report instead of just one at a time.
This works fine - I can just batch up a bunch of invoices and then make a transfer from GBP -> USD and split the bills - but it's also quite annoying to have 50 bills show up as 'unpaid' when, in actual fact, they  been paid - they're just owed back to me.So, I thought about creating a Bank Account in US$ and marking the invoice as paid to that account.
This client only accepts cash payments given the low value/high volume nature of the business.At the end of each day an "invoice" is created showing the sales output but what it would be useful to do, using the app version, is to automatically process the receipt straight to petty cash, thus removing a growing value of "unpaid invoices" from the ledger.
I am trying to reconcile bank deposits (some cash and some credit) against sales data that is imported from clover POS using commerce sync.The sales "invoices" that are polled over are marked PAID and do not populate as a possible match.How can I reconcile these deposits without creating another INVOICE (that I fear will show more sales than I really had)?Greg
Any information Xero has I think must be buried deep for me to not have found it yet.Where to code expenses that are non-deductible at EOFY and for which you will not claim the GST, and are not entertainment expenses?If I go to make a new account, say, 430 non-deducible expenses, under "account type" there doesn't seem to be any type I can select that does not infer a claim of some kind.
Hi everyone,I can't log-in to the Xero app on my iPhone anymore.I had it set up to allow me in with fingerprint ID, but hit cancel by accident one day and now need to enter my details manually.When I add them in, I just get a message saying:: An unexpected error has occurred.I have deleted the app and re-installed it but I keep getting the same error.
Hello everyone,I understand Xero currently offer Quickbooks to Xero conversions, however, my problem is that I need to convert from Quickbooks Online to Xero and as far as I can see this is not a readily available option in the UK.Is anyone aware of a method that can be used to import data from Quickbooks Online to Xero?Thanks in advance
According to https://community.xero.com/business/discussion/11090793/ it is not possible to change the Reporting date for an authorised and approved expense claim.So how can I go about reversing the expense claim in the previous financial year and reprocessing it in the current financial year?Thanks for any help you might have to offer,Scott
Everything works fine for them, exept when I want to add my Business Account from TD, the feed is not included.I would need to add a new bank TD, and after that a new card, and after that I'll be able to see my feed for my business account...Is it possible to add like 2 cards from the same bank, and having 2 set of differents feeds for them?
I haven't had time to investigate what is happening, but I'll use one invoice as an example.Xero Calculated Invoice Sub Total = $195.169.15% Sales Tax $17.84 Total = $213.00If I calculate the sales tax by hand using a "calculator", I see the sales tax should be $17.86.
Xero did an update about 6 months ago and changed the bar graph for Invoices owing to you from a monthly view to a weekly view.Does anyone know how to change this back so that the bar graph shows 90, 60 and 30 day overdue periods as this was a lot more helpful then it showing weekly totals??
Therefore the email invoice feature is is virtually useless because it does not allow the possibility to attach any supporting documents.Xero have already added the ability to upload documents to the invoices,  so it would be a logical step further to be able to attach these documents or documents stored locally on a PC, to these sales invoices when emailing then from within Xero.regards,Manu
Xero has become the slowest performing cloud based program we run in our office, has anyone else noticed a decline in performance over the last month or so?We are using Chrome as recommended and Xero is slow to open at login, when opening a client and when moving from field to field or screen to screen.Any suggestions to improve performance?
In MYOB, it was quite easy to do this.It just takes a bit of time to go to the contacts or products page and add the item and then have to go to the sales invoice page to write out the invoice.Also, we have clients who buy through us and then want the goods sent to a certain address - which means the sales invoice is under the same name but different address for every order.
It seems to me that if I cancelled the automatic feed bringing in the statement total each month but continued to create accounts payable invoices for each item I could then reconcile these transactions against the direct debit payment transferred from the Main Bank Account (presuming I can reconcile several transactions at once….I’m not familiar enough with Xero to know if that is possible) leading me to a balance.
Hi forumNewbie here.I'm trying to get xero to calculate PAYGW correctly from payroll.Can't find anything in the "user manual".An employee can claim exemption from the Medicare Levy, complete form NAT 0929, and submit with employer.Employer is then required to reduce the PAYGW in accordance with the software formulas contained in NAT 1004.
I have an employee who’s Superannuation Guarantee Contribution (SGC) changes by 1 cent each pay cycle, where no other employee’s does.We have fortnightly pay cycles, their annual leave entitlement is set up the same as everyone else on the payroll as are their payroll calendar and Ordinary Earnings Rate.Any thoughts on how I can correct this or identify what is causing the rounding issue?
I am a newcomer to Xero and I wonder if any experienced user would be kind enough to advise on how to import my clients' data from the ATO Portal into Xero.I watched the following video and it only skims over the process and the details given are not enough to enable me to complete the exercise:.<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90jsixwnV3o>
SInce all Public Holidays are recorded in Xero for the purpose of calculating Annual Leave taken, it would be beneficial to be able to have Xero process  this information into the Pay Runs, in weeks when the employee is paid for a Public Holiday they have not worked, especially for businesses that use Tracking and do not want the Employees to be including the Public Holiday on their timesheets.
Hello all,I am trying to work out how to refund an employees pension contribution if they have opted out of the scheme within the allowed timescale after being automatically enrolled.For those that may have this same issue now or in the future I will explain the whole process:Our staging date was 1st June, all eligible employees are opt-ed into the scheme automatically and their first 1% pension contr.
The Xero U video just skims over the pension provider information for example.When I look at my L&G details page I see informatoin such as:Scheme informationScheme name: XXXX PENSION PLANScheme number: XXXXXProduct reference: WorkSave Pension PlanThese are just three fields but Xero has a total of 12 fields to fill out in this area.
I have a manual spreadsheet that calculates how many hours to date an employee has available, BUT when going through to Xero payroll and ticking that box to shop available to date = complete different numbers - some employees loose a whole 40 hours and now sit over their to date entitlement, especially after the Christmas holidays and close down period.
We have read the recent comments and we use simpro service, it is very good but as your users say very inflexible.Why not write your own - we are trailing using Knack  it connects to xero via zapier or import and it is the best thing we have done, we have an equipment manager and contracts and invoicing and mobile usersOh and a superb CRM - lacking in Simpro and Xero
Hi EveryoneWe want to set up a Xero test environment to test a CRM Integration tool with out affecting the live company data.Does anyone have experience of this?Do we need to set up a new test company and can we copy data from the live company across so we have a large volume of transactions to deal with?Many thanksClaire
It's unlikely that the employee would need to digitally enter the consumables as the job unfolds - more likely that they'll use the same paper method (otherwise they'd be constantly opening their phone to access the app) and at the end of the job or day, digitise the paper job records and send them to the bookkeeper, or sync them direct with Xero.Does any such app exist?Matthew
!For the love of god surely someone in cyberspace can give me a cost effective stock control system that simply tracks what I order, ensures material is recorded & received into the factory, checks the price charged versus what was quoted, records how much of the material is actually used & then records left overs from the job & when it was shipped out.
Hi all,I'm looking for the ability to enter a forecast against our budget (i.e., what we're working towards long-term) so that I can see our Actual vs current budget but also vs our forecast budget (long-term goal).I can already see this function doesn't exist in Xero but has anyone had experience with Xero Add-Ons that provides this function?
Spotlight is nice for Business Intelligence views but I am a small business that the costs can't carry.I am particularly interested in Moving Annual Averages to provide a normalised view of activity as I operate in the highly seasonal tourist arena.Is there an ODBC link available to connect Excel to the Xero gl balances data tables?
My client wants to have access to the sales history for the customers and products of the business to be able to continue the successful marketing and sales processes of the business.Which add-on could this information be extracted to, which could then continue to get data from the new Xero account so that my client has good sales and product data to interrogate?
HelloWe are a wholesale garment/embroidery screen-printing apparel Business who use Xero, please could you advise the best add-in to help us with tracking purchase orders, sales, scheduling internal work flow & tracking our orders (once they have been shipped via freight companies & Australia Post).
Hello all,As a workflow solution, I would love to be able to sync a particular Notebook in Evernote, where each note in the notebook would be a file in the Xero "Files" section.Does anyone know if the Xero API allows for placement of files into the file system, such that this process might be able to be created with Zapier or some other tool?Thanks much!Bryan
Hi Y'all!What shopping cart apps have you all found to work best in terms of integration with Xero?The listing of add-ons for ecommerce is listed here: http://www.xero.com/us/add-ons/ecommerce and it's quite immense.Stitch labs looks good, but it doesn't seem to be shopping cart, but more of an inventory tracking app.
We seem to have passed "peak support" from Xero, if my experiences today are an indicationno one seems to want to own the problemno support ticket number issued...you can manager what you don't measure, so maybe they only now issue support tickets when the problem is solved?Hugely important for a users confidence, but somehow someone has lost the plot, and it is not this user!
CLUSTER 1656
The only benefit of the new public holiday feature (as I see it) is that it calculates the number of actual hours when the employee requests leave (although having said that, it doesn't indicate that it has done so, it merely presents the net hours that it thinks is correct - this is something that should also be corrected with Public Holidays shown as a separate line item).
Hi Everyone,Is there a way to generate a sales invoice (via the API), payable in one invoice, but containing individual line items in one or more other invoices?For example, I'd like to create an invoice containing line items like:------------------------------------Product 1 @ $10 AUDProduct 2 @ £5 GBPTotal: $19.17 AUD-------------------------------------So, the overall invoice currency is AUD, but it contains one line item charged in GBP, which I'd want Xero to convert to AUD for the invoice total.Is this possible?The API docs seem to indicate that it's not, as there is no currency field for line items:http://developer.xero.com/documentation/api/invoices/#title2Thanks for any help.
CLUSTER 1658
There is never any information provided by Amazon to the bank feed that describes what has been purchased, so I am forced to contact my clients every time they make a purchase through Amazon.
I am trying to pull up the W-2 statements for 2015, but when I go to Payroll Taxes & Filings and go to History, it only goes back twelve months.
CLUSTER 1660
The dates are changed to the correct format DD/MM/YY, i deleted empty columns and rows, but the problem persists.I need urgent help as i have to complete my balance for submitting taxes before April 1?
So I have withheld too much tax for those two.So I wanted to revert those pay runs to drafts, remove him from them and redo them correctly - but it seems I can't do that as I can only revert the most recent pay run to a draft.I think I can do a correction somehow, but how to make it so I get the two seperate payment summaries?Thanks in advance for any advise.Anthony
CLUSTER 1661
At the moment I'm looking at the P&L that lets you filter by tracking category (thanks Xero for adding this) for each category at the end of each month and manually typing the figures for each code into my Excel spreadsheet.
Hello,How do i make custom repeating numbers for invoices?For instance XYZ-001 instead of INV-001I tried changing but system goes back to 'INV' last number all the time
Some background info:Under MACRS half-year convention, you can only claim a half-years worth of depreciation for the first (and last) year that an asset is in service (for depreciation purposes).
New reports area is good, but it still does not allow multiple-selection of Tracking Categories, whilst also being able to report against Budget for month/quarter/year-to-date.
At the moment I'm looking at the P&L that lets you filter by tracking category (thanks Xero for adding this) for each category at the end of each month and manually typing the figures for each code into my Excel spreadsheet.
Under payroll deductions I set up a new item called Staff loans taken from the net pay after tax.My issue is with choosing which liability account this needs to be taken out from.
CLUSTER 1663
For example one company is billed for the rent & that company pays the rent, but we want to apportion the cost 3 ways, how can we do thi?I hope to get some help as pulling my hair outMany ThanksNicola
i.e the VAT report quarterly return ending date only goes back as far as September 2015 but I need to run a report for the first quarter to 30 June 2015..
uploaded invoices after bill was created and check issued - had to 'remove & redo' payment to be able to upload the invoices to the bill.Xero automatically voided the check.....although already sent out and cashed.How can I reconcile?
They couldn't get correct info on their P&L for the bank witch triggered them coming to me.The first problem was when i looked at there bank transactions on Xero it was only showing deposits from September last year.
When trying to reconcile using a bank rule that uses Description as Reference, there is no warning that if the Description is too long it will lead to a generic error message:"Sorry, an error occurred.
I am new to Xero, having taken over from the last accounts person.We have 3 different divisions set up in Xero, and when I code a debit or credit I need to choose which division I allocate it to.
I had expected the balance to reflect the value of the inventory on hand and for the balance to go down as I sold items but because I started at zero I currently have a negative balance for my inventory account despite having lots of stock.
At the moment it seems that the search button only picks up invoice transactions rather than all transactions which makes either the search button or the spend money feature useless for some of my clients.
Right now employee file expenses and i approve them, but still have to manually goto my online bank (Silicon Valley Bank) to do the actual pay out, which is extremely cumbersome.Can Xero automatically pay out all approved expenses?
CLUSTER 1671
When I enter payment info for an invoice it creates a transaction in my operating account but the money is coming from a trust account, not from a direct payment from a client.
My guessing is I do, but how do I match the payments collected through the subscription to individual invoices?By my way of asking the question, you can tell I'm a noob when it comes to accounting.
When you copy a PO to bill, it takes you to the bill (pre-populated with all the data from the PO), which you can then 'approve', and it will be added to the list of outstanding bills to be paid.
this feature needs to be added as at the moment its not practical or professional to do this through the portal and this doesnt allow us to give the client a copy before lodging with the ATO.
Currently they go out at ungodly hours of the night.If I could schedule them to be emailed out at say 10am rather than midnight that would make a big difference.
This causes an error when trying to save the draft invoices - I simply don't have the time to manually enter each transaction to add the account code individually!
We use Paychex and not Xero (have MA employees...)  Paychex will provide an import file but I cannot find the correct Xero import template for payroll.
Is there a sales order processing add-on that could be entered by salespeople in the field using a smartphone or ipad and then automatically entered as an invoice in Xero?
CLUSTER 1677
vat to sign up, but I'm not sure where on the chart of the account to reconcile this.
I remove the header and footer information which are not required for the import.
also showing any and all deposits paid and the dates they were paid
while reconciling all my invoices, where do i categorise all the payments made to government.
CLUSTER 1678
Is that what you would do, or is it worth the extra time to get all of the year's data imported?
I dont know how to reconcile it as the payment was made in full and that reconciled with the invoice.
I can search them by tracking details in the Reports section but I don't see a way to edit them.
My question is, would GST be accounted for on both the purchase from supplier and on the sale to customer?
We also have to send contracts and legal documents for clients to sign when the job is won.
In the accounts payable - I always use the 'payment plan' option which I love!
Hello,We use the Quotes system as a way of processing Sales Orders.
CLUSTER 1680
This means anything entered on this screen the trustee is eligible to pay tax on this income As there is no estimate for the trust tax return, Xero is unable to calculate the tax, however all of this information is sent to the ATO and they will calculate the tax payable"The above XERO Tax response doesn't make me feel comfortable, especially when I'm unable to advise my client on the expected tax payments, especially by the trust.
Hi all,I seem to have a duplicate deposit in my PayPal accountI invoiced my client $407.40 on 13/3/15 and they paid on PayPal that day but with an eCheque I had not heard of these before this and it took till the 18/3/15 to clear for me to access.Now this was all fine but what it has done is place a receive payment on the 13 and 18 for $407.40 on each date.
He is paid fortnightly, so 80 hours per fortnight.By my calculations, 50k equals $1923.08 per fortnight and $24.03846 per hour - lets round to $24.04.When I go in to process a payroll, the calculated hourly rate in the 'Pay Run' section is $23.972603 which gives a fortnightly gross of $1917.81.
CLUSTER 1683
basically we have paid for such items as fuel, stationery etc out our our own money and need to off set the receipts agains the drawings.mdoes that make sense and does anyone know how to do this pleases?thank you
When a Batch Payment file is created in Xero, payments for multiple bills for a single supplier are  combined in to a single transaction, and therefore only a single reference shown in their bank statement.It's not currently possible to change this so that the payments get deposited into the suppliers account individually.Would be great to have this feature.
CLUSTER 1684
I have told them about this and asked that they enter ALL the relevant data when raising the purchase orders but as this is a new process for them (and,I guess, because they are a distance away) they are not adding the codes.
I've seen too many cases where clients/users have accidentally billed a Sales Tax inclusive amount when they intended to bill as exclusive.
CLUSTER 1688
Now we are able to add a client to an expense, but we need to be able to add a client if we refund that item to a vendor, so the overall cost of us buying something on behalf of a client, is lower.
Not to allocate an invoice number to it as it is not a sale in the profit and loss account but to be included in the VAT return as a sale so the VAT can be picked up.Otherwise I would not pay the VAT to HMRC until I raise an invoice which I believe is wrong.
We need to be able to do the same thing with a brand new check.This is a common occurance in our business, since customers pay us 50% down on certain production orders before we have even cut an invoice for them.
When I publish a draft bill XERO matches the transaction with the automated XERO payroll function.The transaction is allocated to the correct account - Wages and Salaries however the tax rate is BAS excluded.
CLUSTER 1689
I have paid by PayPal that automatically converted the payment to GBP and paid that through my bank account (I have my PayPal connected to the bank, not to Xero directly to avoid charges to show twice - I know there is a way to deal with this, but bare with me I am just starting and trying to simplify things).
Sometimes purchases occur without an order and I have to second guess who made the purchase in the first place.As we are a small Company, red tape and long processes are really not an option but there must be a better way?
Each is entitled (with COA number)900 - "Property 1 Mortgage", 902 - "Property 2 Mortgage",904 - "Property 3 Mortgage", etc etc.When I run a Profit & Loss report, these outgoing expenses are not visible.
Surely must be others in the marketplace, Plaid for one is an awesome service and we've never had a problem with other companies that use it.Anybody else ever had a support case with Xero that takes this long to get resolved or least directional information on whether it can be solved?
can anyone help?I made an error in one of my payruns so went back and changed it back to draft, and then possibly deleted it, but now once ive re-entered the time sheets for that period, i am unable to select that particular date to run the updated payrun,
CLUSTER 1692
I can seem to get all my clients moved over, but when I go to import my bills and invoices I run into problems.
Dear all, I have just completed a VAT return for the period May 2016 to July 2016.
The closing balance from Xero aged receivables does not match our opening balance + activity.
The amount collected comes in as a single large payment but I have invoiced everyone individually.
A shareholder's loan that is not likely to be repaid in the short term now becomes an equity stake.
At the moment we need to download a reupload to the draft bill, this could be streamlined a little.
I want to be able to pay out expense claims through the payroll (which I thought was quite normal!)
Will Payroll Payments (to staff and IRD) work in the same way as Batch Payments i.e.
CLUSTER 1694
Everything before that is simply reducing my equity in the company.
So, my question is, are these larger items assets if they are being hired out?
The exception to this is when I pay for something using PayPal.
Only way is the export into excel and then amend it at the moment
I can't see a real native way to do this in Xero.
CLUSTER 1695
If I import all the invoices I will need to then allocate all payments throughout the year to reconcile  as at 30.6.16,  That is a huge job when I don't want to do anything with these accounts except show balances for reporting purposes.I have tried to enter it as a total amount as unpaid invoices at 30.6..15 but then I need to know which account to offset it against and for the accounts payable it could be multiple accounts that I can't identify doing it this way.
I want to have our phone number and email address on invoices but when I add these details to the template our email address is too long for the space it gives you so ends up spread across two lines and looks a bit ridiculous.
Is it possible to have a tick box added to the Chart of Accounts to lock them down, just like the conversion balances once they are agreed.For example, if a new chart of accounts has been imported into Xero and you don't want any staff/the client from altering the chart of accounts.
Given that our financial year is 01 Aug - 31 July, for the third invoice, we would want the invoice date to be 01 Aug and also, as it happens, the due date would also be 1 Aug (although it could be something else).
I wanted to find out how to handle the weekly wage payments and payments to our credit card account when it comes to reconciliation.With wages is it as simple as creating a transaction on the create tab and assigning it to the wages account?Should I do something similar with the payments made to pay off our credit card account, or should that be classed as a transfer instead?Thanks for reading, any advice is appreciated.
I use Xero for my own business which has myself as the sole employee.Xero appears to be working fine but I have a query re RTI filings.I have set up a monthly schedule, but also need to process payruns (they are not being done automatically, as I can see from Pay Runs page).
Why is there no option to notify the primary contact via email when someone/anyone logs into the account.These things are basic security for any financial based solution in the public cloud space.The other thing that concerns me is that you say;Xero takes security very seriously.
CLUSTER 1698
That part of the process I've got down pat and will be very convenient as we have many sites and each site is responsible for their own invoices in terms of authoirising them for payment.
The rest of the money is paid out to the artists when they've done their gig.The Booking Fees that I put into the Agency bank account is used to to pay our Direct Expenses, our freelancer agents and finally my partner and I. I have not managed this yet.
This money is spread out between 8 separate invoices, all with varying amounts.The customer has since made a part payment of $2,000, by cheque.How do I apply this part payment?Thank you.
I have managed to get the VAT account to match the VAT return that had been submitted to HMRC via the previous bookkeeping software and published a report thinking that this would stop the late claims being brought through to the current VAT return but they are on the report.
CLUSTER 1699
I had one existing Xero account into which I wanted to merge the data from another entity when those two entities merged.
On the P&L "current financial year" it only shows historic incvoices as "actual" but does not show "any" future invoices.
Please add option to see and override 'Attention' contact and address when creating an invoice (ie.
Exporting the batch file does not suffice, as the export process consolidates the detail into a summarized payment line item.
The problem is that incomes and expenses for one year, might overlap incomes and expenses of the same project for the next year.
The bookkeeper's account has been removed and I am about to "get bank feeds"My concern is I may duplicate records on import.
He's getting a little tired of typing up quotes and glances at me with envy when I go on and on about how great it is to use Quotient.
CLUSTER 1701
I'm assuming there is something I need to do with my US Bank account because Xero might be wondering where that money came from, but I'm still at a loss as to what the proper method is to getting rid of the adjustment number.Anyone have any advice that can lead me in the right direction?
1. to multiply the normal casual rate by a number (eg 1.5) or 2. put in a fixed amount (which would change for me each week as she does different hours).
CLUSTER 1704
I've got my registration number, accounting basis, filing frequency all fine, but can't see any options in the next period due box.
It is more likely that you will be removing a client from a group rather than deleting an entire group so why is the deleting option so readily available?
Or having to manually enter the business name in each time.It may work for other people to even be able to include a specific tracking option.
I would be great if we could add or edit a tracking code when entering a purchase order.As it stands at the moment you can only do this once it is a bill.
HiThere are times when I use 'Spend money' or 'Receive money' to reconcile transactions, for example if there are Bank Charges paid.
I can reconcile the input VAt against the receivable invoice detail report, but the payable invoice detail report doesn't show all expenditure.
I've successfully applied overpayments to an invoice but when I create a PDF of this to send to the customer the Overpayment / Credit is not allocated to the invoice - any ideas on why this might be?
Ive tried creating a prepayment, but when I print or email the invoice there are no payment terms or details on it (which the documentation also points out).
Hi there,I have noticed with the some of the latest changes - when I change the contact on an invoice the system automatically changes the invoice to be 'Tax Inclusive'.
CLUSTER 1708
I have looked but can't find a way to switch it from not rounding to rounding (or calculating the figure based on three decimals) so it matches the job system.
I invoice hosting annually but domain names need renewing throughout the year.I purchase the domain from my registrar, mark it up and then invoice my client.
Excel is not limited by the number of columns of information so just include all data that relates to a transaction on one row including the underlying referencing and indexing.
I need to place into xero all paypal transactions (for both us and nz bank accounts) from the 1 April 2011 through to the 31 Oct 2011.
We have started a new business, I have put through purchases for a previous quarter but they do not appear in the VAT return for this quarter, it says this is because we have not submitted a VAT return yet.
I prepared a spreed sheet on excel for my assets and I want to upload it no problems till here.But under the Fixed asset I have already some assets, but no possibility to do a depreciation, and which are incomplete.
In our country we use a lot of cash so we are needing to do the transfers (from bank account to cash account) from the office instead of when the cash is with drawled
Hi all, Does anyone out there have any experience with Shearing business, who pay their employees in advance?What method do you use to account for these payments, and reconcile against your payrun?
Unfortunately the Xero system does not automatically update employees with '160 hours' onto there annual leave when there anniversary date rolls.
Apparently this is not the first time this month the bank feed has had issue also, I see this as an important part the Xero and why I pay for an on-line services.
CLUSTER 1709
Within Xero I have two separate workshops, both vehicle invoice systems are importing direct into Xero.
Not sure why XERO would do this when there are so many URGENT requests for changes that they don't have time to spend on.
CLUSTER 1710
A small % of the income is revenue but the majority is a liability that is payable to the charity.We need to use the inventory system to track the charity and also campaigns the charities run when a transaction comes through.
Especially when you are remotely supporting someone - and this is an area you will spend a lot of time.When a batch payment has been reconciled - then an error is identified on one invoice and the payment has to be removed and redone.
CLUSTER 1721
So my question is how do I get around the fact that I need to give my customers an invoice for the full amount but I only get paid 75% of it by Grabone?
Refreshing Bank feeds is OK, but the process takes 2-3 minutes to complete.If Barclays were a partner bank, it would be automatic once the feed was authorised and setup.
CLUSTER 1722
There have been changes in Xero which permit reports based on tracking information in the receivables and payables report.
""Our Xero integration is in beta testing at the moment with a few clients but should be live very soon.".2.
When I create a batch payment for clients, I like to print a report for them listing the suppliers being paid.
Hi,I have just authorised my first expense claim, but I have entered the wrong reporting date.
Percentages never work out to the exact amount you want to allocate due to rounding.
I am the payroll administrator and find it very time consuming when an employee does not go in and do this straight away.
That is, multiple purchases get bundled into one big deposit into the bank account.
Does anyone know what items XERO recognises out of the IMS invoices/task data?
CLUSTER 1723
I physically receive $0.I'm trying to figure out how to adjust the invoices so that Person B's account shows as paid but Person A's account now reverts to being unpaid.
Hello,I am not completely sure how to deal with the following situation : the company sometimes needs to make cash-advance / short term loans to its employees.
We are a double glazing company, and as such i have now the use of a salesman, he is not an employee, he recieves commission on sales.What code do i use to account for our payments to him.thanks inadvance.
There is a huge existing thread about that, but I was hoping that a specific thread on the Chart of Accounts could be more successful in making this small enhancement happen.
When I post a payrun the superannuation liabilty is being split, posting part of the liability to the Super Liability account in the GL and part to the Employee Provisions account.
CLUSTER 1724
I was having a look for instructions on how to create cover letters to add to the tax returns when sent.
Alternatively could the description out the side  have a section that relates to these PBE's where it is different to other entities.
Only option offered was to export to excel, but this results in the loss of most of the formatting and just does not look professional.
I propose that entry on the chart of accounts has a flag that determines whether that codes is visible to the client or not.
Are there any add-ons or tutorials that help with this?How do I assign an item purchase to a specific contact?
I've been using Xero for a couple of years now but have always done the payroll on HMRC's Basic Tools.
CLUSTER 1725
ieDR - 329 Stock Inventory (Direct Cost) - £73950.29CR - 625 Stock (Asset) - £73950.29or do I leave it as is and then do a new journal at the next year end?The YTD figure for the new period currently stands at 0.00.
Hi all,I'm unsure if this is the right place to be posting this, but I have an issue with approving a purchase bill containing multiple fixed assets.When I click approve, Xero is giving me an error message saying: "Asset Number must be unique".
If I've got it right in my head I'll be coding the stock purchases somewhere then I'll need to periodically make an adjustment to that account using closing stock cost figure to give me an accurate cogs and p&l.I know what I mean, hope someone else does!
It would be very useful for client to be able to produce a report showing the total trading per contact over a given period of time.At the moment it can only be done one contact at a time.I'd like to see an option to include 'all' contacts and export as a csv.
I've got Xero set up as Vat Scheme: None, and am really nervous about messing something up when I switch the status.Can I just check that my understanding is right?All our purchases of stock and assets so far, I have shown the VAT split in the accounts.
I am just starting to look at Payroll and realise that while Xero tried to map my payroll accounts to what it thinks it should be it did not do a great job (understandably as that is quite a tricky programming task)I converted from Sage to Xero so want to keep the same accounts.
CLUSTER 1731
The next comparative balance tab is dated from the 1 April 2009 to the 31 March 2010.So I pressed the comparative balance tab again and it went back for another year, which was all fine.However I do not have a comparative balance tab for the 1 April 2010 to the 31 March 2011, which is the one I need to enter some information on.Really weird, can anyone shed some light on how I can get my correct year in lease rectify this etc Thank you very much.Regards Anne
This wouldn't be such a big deal but but the reason I was doing this was so my beginning of year and end of year Inventory were correct for last year - now I have just made things worse.It would be great to alter the date of this transaction or even just delete/rewind it - but I can't seem to find any way that is possible - hoping I'm just looking in the wrong place.The only way I can find to fix this mistake is to add another adjustment on the same day as my mistake to reverse it - but this seems ugly and unnecessary.Thanks in advance for any hints or pointers
I tick that to select it, then click the 'Apply Rule' button and select the split accounts rule I've set up for this type of purchase, with business and private %.In the 'Description' section, 'Multiple line items' is seen, but when I click 'Save & Reconcile Selected', an error appears saying 'There are no valid statement lines...' Also, clicking the 'Multiple line items' link in the Description shows blank split lines with the total amount displayed.Am I doing anything wrong or is this the wrong use of this feature?
Hi All,We have a client who is looking for a Xero Add On to Manage Client Reminders & Service Bookings for their watercooler sales & maintenance business.The client currently uses Xero to manage their business and client list.They are looking for an App which integrates into Xero and will allow them to remind clients of service calls, allow clients to book service calls, and perhaps has other client communication options.Currently Xero is handling invoicing and Ezi Debit is handling payment - no its not really necessary for the app to cover this functionality.Any suggestions would be much appreciated.ThanksChris
This might be a more general/broad question than just Geoop...Anyway, if I were to use an add-on such as Geoop and create and invoice from there and take payment or part-payment onsite/through Geoop, how can I then reconcile the amount of the transaction that has been marked paid in Xero?For example if I take payment for $10 out of $100, the invoice is exported to Xero as $90 owing.
CLUSTER 1732
Then assign the incoming daily sales invoices from our POS to each site?Is it ok in Xero to have 1 organisation and use tracking if legally both stores are trading as different companies/ABN's?What do you do with tracking assignment if a purchase or cost is split between 2 stores, like a advertising cost for example?For all the old sales/expenses prior to setting up tracking, do you bulk assign all these to the 1st store somehow so reports are tidy?I appreciate any help from others that were in the same situation :)
I have just run my vat return for the first time, I understand if when I spend money to pay the salary/Directors withdrawals or payments to HMRC for PAYE liabilities through the bank I select NO TAX option , therefore the amount will not be included in the purchase totals, however the payment entry is included in the vat return report?
CLUSTER 1733
A UBL invoice can be sent from a supplier to a recipient electronically through an access point.
That information is held on the transaction/invoice, and not linked back to the Contacts list.
However, when we want to run a report listing all members, we can't do this with their membership category.
This will apply to the pdf attached file and the invoice link viewable to the client.
CLUSTER 1738
I tried this way but of course it through out the starting bank balance.thanks for your help
I have tried the 'transfer subscription' option but you cannot use the same email address.
According to HMRC I can reclaim VAT on purchases made prior to registration.
These are then batched and processed through Xero but the individual transactions appear on the bank statement.
This is quite a neat function that goes well with the cash forecast function.
At the moment, I all to often find myself creating an invoice when I realise that I'm in the wrong company.
CLUSTER 1740
In review, the cc Account Transactions on the cc account screen shows a couple of "Bank Transfers From" transactions that are unreconciled.
We have just invoiced for the first time via Xero but for some reason the far right column that should say sent has nothing in it.
The entire 'Reciepts' process on the apps is heavily biased to an employee  'claims' process that as a sole operator is not something I use.
I really want to use the Xero files aspect of Xero - but its just not good enough to make it useful at the moment.
I have looked at spanner planner and a couple of other add ons but I don't need any of the other features, I'm really happy with using Xero other then this minor problem!
CLUSTER 1743
I don't think I've explained this very well, but what I'd like to be able to do is keep the payments as 'paid' so as to reconcile the bank but not include them in this quarters vat return as the vat was paid in the last return on the old system.
*** will on issue of a complying tax invoice pay the Consultant an amount equal to the GST liability payable by the Consultant.So this means they want to see things excluding GST at their end but we need to see it inclusive.
CLUSTER 1744
Some customers have purchases across the 2 brands and he wants them to receive separate branded statements, customers are named according to their store name + brand namei.e.
As SGC payment dates are the 28th of the following month, you could keep the funds in your account for as long as possible but not have to leave processing until the last day.
CLUSTER 1748
But that would require a lot of adjustments and I may "run out" of something that I'm not actually out of because the count wasn't accurate.
I am allowed to fully depreciate all fixed assets to zero at the end of the tax year.
Now that I am loved in I can not see any ways to change it unless you reopen a new account.Can somebody help me?
This may not seem like a big deal but when you are inputting a lot of invoices it does make a difference.
CLUSTER 1750
Unfortunately the asset still did not show up in "Pending Items".To be sure it's a bug, I tried to re-enter a test bill with the same information, this time I selected the Asset account right away, and then it did show up in my pending assets.Looks like "edited bills" are not recorded as Pending Assets, when a Asset account is selected later on.
Hey Xero Community Members (first post),I'm just getting started with Xero and trying to connect it for the first time to my Chase US business bank account online, but I'm getting the error "Bank Feed Cannot Connect To Online Banking".I've reconfirmed (multiple times) that I'm using the same username and password I use to successfully login to Chase directly.
CLUSTER 1753
We don't get to negotiate the payment terms or anything else.
Only the unbilled items need to be copied to the next Bill.
They were available in the new payrun but I couldn't change traking codes.
CLUSTER 1756
We have a client that is a club and as a result of poker machine payouts and replenishing their ATM machines the end result for the day is sometimes a negative bank.I have instructed my client to enter the daily sheets as an invoice in Xero so that they can match the bank deposit when it comes through but Xero won't allow you to post a negative invoice to account for the negative days.
Occasionally a client may pay their bill in two payments, which completely kills the system at the moment.So if you could match multiple transactions to one invoice, and it only marks as paid one the full total has been met that would be fantastic.Same for line item payments.
CLUSTER 1761
These are very useful tools and as this is the client, who has access to all their finances of course, why on earth do they not have authority to see these on their dashboard?
On Facebook, you are able to see what your personal page looks like from any of your friends point of view.
CLUSTER 1763
My question is - if I pay a wage to the director (me) through payroll does that reduce the $15,000 or increase it?
If not where do I then send the invoices created, perhaps there is a screen that shows Invoices waiting to be sent?
Will we also be able to attached files to employees as we can attach invoices to suppliers
CLUSTER 1764
I have moved the funds back out of the bank account but now I have four transactions (two in, two out) that xero wants to reconcile but I don't know how to do this.
Why does Xero not display the USD Bank account for receiving money against EUR invoice ?Thanks in advance !
cash summary includes invoiced items but a P&L does not and a brief explanation on the report use.
At the moment it defaults to the current month which is fine for most business but as an accountant you are often looking at reports that are slightly in the past.
In payroll reports I would like to see a report similar to one that can be created in IMS payroll.
I first setup all the assets with their purchase date and depreciation start date the same, and entered an accumulated depreciation balance.
I see the little spinning wheel on the save button letting me know its trying but it never stops spinning.
We have had it working quite nicely before but recently they changed their login process!I now have a username (which is my email address) a password and an account key.
I'm hoping I can just untick the employees I don't want to process yet and then all their details will still be available after the others have been posted.
CLUSTER 1767
if i do the engagement locally, expenses don't really apply and for small stuff like stationary just put them in the expense codes.
Basically, I want to create memorized reports with two specific classes so that I can track income/expensese against budget.
So in Xero there are three Liability types:   Current LiabilityLiabilityNon-current LiabilityCurrent Liability is pretty strait forward.
I’m certainly planning to discuss this with my accountant, but I wanted to get the community’s feedback as well.Thanks :)
Currently all primary contacts are included in email communication by default eg: Invoices, statements etc.
When a customer pays their invoice the corresponding income transaction is recorded as well as the corresponding span for Stripe fees.
HI I would like to request that after using the find and recode option, there is an option to return to the same search.
when we run the payroll employee summary report, all of these deductions appear as a total against the employee in the Deductions column.
Or is there something else I might have missed that would be causing it to not recognise that the pay run has already been completed?Thanks.
Was it possible to connect the software to already existing up to date tills (1-2 years old)?
CLUSTER 1769
Hi,Can anyone confirm if my clients lose the GST credit for Xero Fees if I am billing them through me as a partner and I am not registered for GST?They would like the GST credit, as they are registered for GST, but because I'm not, I am sending them the Invoice for their Xero Subscription as GST Free.
Have tried Contacts/Smart Lists but the date option doesn't give me date parameters eg:  1 June 2015 - 30 June 2015Can anyone help?
CLUSTER 1772
And after I do that month and I am ready to do the next month is the process the same.
Realistically the age of a request does not push up it’s priority.
Yes, they can deduct them from each other but they wanted to see it straight up.
CLUSTER 1774
I've missed tax deadlines in the past because I didn't notice them.
However, this doesn't translate to a Purchase Invoice in Xero.
I saw that Xero doesn't support this feature at the moment.
CLUSTER 1775
All of a sudden, the bank feed no longer works.
When I created the payRun payStub is not created automatically.
We key in all data into Xerol manual in the past.
CLUSTER 1779
The objective for us is to be able to track the amount of discounts each month with ease.We thought about creating a new line on the invoice after each item, but we would like to keep the same invoice format (with the total discount amount clearly indicated).
The transaction always shows up from the top search menu but never in the "Find & Match" search.I've also tried switching web browsers just to see if that made a difference.
CLUSTER 1784
I am trying to figure out how to produce a periodic P&L for clients which shows expenses which apply to next years harvest as 'work in progress' inventory, yet still can be itemised in the P&L for the client to see.
To set a function on the invoice every Friday to generate invoice but to send a invoice of all generated invoices into 1 monthly invoice.This option would help us and others a lot, especially for a cleaning company.
CLUSTER 1787
Currently when a quote is declined the status of the quote appears in red at the top of the page due to the css below..x-toolbar-document .document-title.sq-view-quote-title-declined {color: #c00;}If a quote is accepted it is green because of:.x-toolbar-document .document-title.sq-view-quote-title-accepted {color: #390;}Suggestion to add:.x-toolbar-document .document-title.sq-view-quote-title-invoiced {color: #390;}and.x-toolbar-document .document-title.sq-view-quote-title-expired {color: #c00;}To allow for easy differentiation when viewing a quote.Also,Could we please have expired quotes in their own tab when viewing the "/Accounts/Receivable/Quotes" table?Having expired quotes in sent tab doesn't make sense as they have expired and a new quote should be drafted.
If they are salary sacrificing that would be as follows:Gross Pay:  $1,500Sal Sac:       $300Taxable Gross:  $1,200So the PAYGW within Xero would then be based on the $1,200/week,  allowing for additional HELP withholding at that rate.My issue though is that when the employee completes their annual tax return they repay HELP based on their "Repayment Income",  which is their gross taxable income (here $1,200 x 52) plus any RFBA's (here $30,000).
CLUSTER 1789
We have separated our business from our personal and formed an S-Corp but some of the payments are still going directly to our personal account (I'm working on fixing this but it's a slow process with some of the insurance companies).
For this reason, I am very excited about the premise of Xero, but unfortunately my bookkeeper is incredibly wary, especially since this would mean she would need to move away from her current Sage Pastel system for us.
CLUSTER 1791
I have noticed an export/ import function on the COA page but am afraid that i may make a mess of this if its not done correctly.Thanks for your help in advance.Cheers,
So I can claim back the GST i originally paid for at the Wholesalers.At the moment I have been putting it through my purchase orders as 429 general expense.Thanks :-)
So I am about to receive payment for 1c less than the invoice amount.I know this is insignificant, but do I need to do anything special in Xero when this payment arrives?
Reconciling data from our bank account with invoices for sales that were done on Amazon doesn't work because Amazon transfers funds to our bank account in bulk, not per sale.
But only one of those pieces of data is presented as a Hyperlink, the Contact name.Clicking on the Contact name takes you to the same place as clicking on the entire line... the transaction.Instead, .
Using a public application that has a 30 minute authorisation window, I get sent to the login screen then to the screen to ask which account to authorise.
We are selling physical product and trying to figure the best work around to manage invoicing customers to pay a deposit confirming their order.
I've input the new salary, with an effective date of 6 Dec 2016, which Xero shows as active, and the old salary has disappeared, as expected.
CLUSTER 1795
But if it's the latter I'll need to enter in all the fixed assets from the beginning.Thanks for any feedback.
Do I need a liability account like "Client Deposits" to assign the credit to?
When I generate the VAT Return every box is coming up 0.00.
However, when I perform this step and hit Save, the setting does not get saved.
This is a technical tax issue resulting from the Christchurch, New Zealand, Earthquakes.
CLUSTER 1797
add a file/document in bank reconcilation to a payment like you can in invoicing
It would be the same as purchasing a bucket of miscellaneous nails and then selling them off by type to customers.
You have to go all the way back to the original bill to see if anything was attached to it.
Each one having to catch them up, and them not having the same level of experience and expertise and sending me down dead-ends.
You can now sync your accounting data in Xero and submit in GST-03 Form.
CLUSTER 1798
Hi all,I've just signed my company (two employees) up for a pension provider due to the auto enrollment starting later this year.
I needed to post a customer a quote (older generation), to get this to be able to:1. be printed without the draft quote heading2.
CLUSTER 1799
When I assign a fixed asset account to a bill, Xero makes me a fixed asset, which is great.
Hi all,Has anyone got recommendations for which bank accounts in the UK work best with Xero.
As this has come as one payment I would like to break it out and reconcile against WET and GST accordingly.
At the moment it is too hard to remember to go back into the payrun to send the payslips once the payroll has been paid!
We want to have our employees enter there times only with a job description and them not to be able to see all of the different rates?
I emailed the support team 5 days ago and have chased twice but still no response.
CLUSTER 1800
I have a problem when i use the ADD CUSTOMER feature, i get down to the FIND ADDRESS line and put in the address of my customer.I have found that the street, suburb, post code are all correct but it puts NEW ZEALAND instead of AUSTRALIA.This means the feature is useless as i have to check every time to see if the address is correct
For example I might want to note that that customer does not get credit terms or I might want to note a specific suppliers payment terms where they differ from ours - rather than trawling through the small pale notes section at the bottom, being able to pin a highlighted note would be really helpful.
Say for example, a simple arrow indicating that cash is declining, sales are increasing and debtors are increasing.We feel that this could be an incredibly valuable tool - the ability to quickly review your client list to see who you should get in touch with and discuss.Thanks!Han
HelloIs anybody aware as to how i can obtain a list of bank payments for the year summarised by the nominal accounts they have been debited to.Also is it possible to view a supplier ledger account viewing all transactions i.e both the invoice and the payment( rather than it coming up as bill paid and nothing appearing in the due column)ThanksMick
Once we have agreed and discussed all the pros and cons then I would like to enter it in to the Leave section.At the moment It has given them to much control to discuss and organise their lives around each other without knowing any fundamentals of what is expected at those times of the business and without and consultation.
So, say for example the Invoice date is the 4th Dec, but it's not entered into the POS until the 8th, Xero seems to recognise the invoice date as the 8th, even though our POS report shows the invoice date as the 4th.
CLUSTER 1801
The primary us is in quotes to provide the contact  details of the xero user on the quote so the customer has direct access to the sales  person who created the quote.I can't see an option for this and have been working with creating a branding profile for each sales person and adding static contact details content to the templates.
The transactions appear to be grouped per customer, although this is still very messy ie with 20 of one customer and then a random one in the middle.This is just making it difficult to go back through the transactions and check for errors or to try to find certain transactions.It was much easier when they were in chronological order.Actually it appears that all the received money is at the front and all the spent money transactions are at the back.CheersCalum
)With the payroll control pages the Overview is blank in all sections apart from the Total Payroll Year to Date number, and the Next Pay Run Payment Date which says yesterday; the RTI pages are blank; but the Pay Run page shows the monthly Pay Run as "posted".Has my RTI been submitted?
I currently use Harvest for all my invoicing and link it with Xero to reconcile transactions and prepare BAS.I have noticed on Harvest that when I set up a new invoice it has the following message "Apply Tax From Xero".After starting to put the BAS together today, it looks like Xero is saying that these invoices are BAS excluded.How do I change this?
CLUSTER 1806
The first is the fact that you get so much real estate on the front page of Google.
Hi, Can someone please tell me how to pay back a "Director's loan account"?
Automatic deductions from my bank account and checks for the same amount that occur each month so all I have to do is print it.
There does not appear to be any kind of indicator on the inventory item to segment these two types of items.
CLUSTER 1808
!There doesn't seem to be a feature to be able to download a statement in anything other than a PDF format!
I feel that manual adjustments can lead to mistakes and omissions being made in payroll.
It does not load the bank feed request form as it did for the other accounts.Any advice?Cheers,S
All I want to do is import my statements in order that I can generate my books so I can do my VAT return.
CLUSTER 1810
Due to shipping costs, that deposit may sit around for months until the overseas part of his company has enough parts collected to fill a container to return to the US.
With other accounting software, accountants are usually given access to headings, totals lines and all sorts of things to amend them as they need to and this is the sort of flexibility we need when preparing accounts.
CLUSTER 1812
After searching the Community I am unable to find any reference to same, so here I am.I use eWay in Australia for Customers to pay via a link of invoices, taking them to an online credit card payment.
Wondering if it's possible to increase the higher number to above 200?Also, it would be easier if the page numbers were at the top of the page as well as the bottom to allow faster flick through the pages without having to scroll to the bottom.
Hi I find this report really useful but would benefit from a filter option being added for "Description" in the "spend money transactions" view, to help identify from other transactions.CheersLeanne
When two codes have been created for a product and the error is discovered I would like to be able to merge these two codes into one (similar to the contacts option) taking all the previous history over during the merging process.
Hi there,I have been creating weekly bills(purchases) and then sending remittance but how do I attached the break down of the bill/ or send this in the one function(i.e send a client a bill/ breakdown and remittance)?
It clearly isn't possible to do this in Xero but I was thinking if we could even export the Sales Invoice line by line to Microsoft Word then we could manually combine the lines and the total, before posting to the customer?
I now need to go back and enter all the leave taken and have attempted this but deleted about 2 months of pay runs and now I cannot bring them up as drafts.Any ideas how I can generate those deleted pay runs?
We'd like to be able to add more than one freshbooks account to sync with.Right now, one of our services only has a couple invoices a month, so it hasn't been a big deal to manually enter the invoices, but we're about to expand and it will quickly become very time consuming to enter all of the invoices.
CLUSTER 1814
We find the detail information is too much to put on the remittance stub when it would be simpler to have the "invoice number(s)" listed that the check is paying.Thanks
The box opens below but the From field totally stretches out of the website and below, the box just appears blue with no way to add the transaction or account.This has been going on for a few days now.
CLUSTER 1816
But we also have daily bookings on the bank account (e.g.
See belowLegal ObligationsFailing to comply with payslip obligations can be very expensive.
CLUSTER 1819
I do high mileage and the mileage reduces my tax liability more than my costs expenses would be, unless I have some bad luck with huge repairs!What I would like to be able to do is log my miles into Xero on a monthly basis, so I have a clearer idea of any tax liability, to ensure I set aside funds.I can see how to log an expense claim, but don't see how I can use that to offset tax, it seems as though I have to take the accrued "money" out to repay my claim.In clear books, there was a mileage claim section which totted up the miles and switched the rate whenI exceeded 10,000 miles.
This matches the reconciled transaction I see when looking at the transactions tab for the bank account.So, 1) Why does Xero show each part of the payment individually in search results rather than one line item for the batch payment like it shows on the transaction tab?2) Why does Xero show these line items of the batch as unreconciled even though the batch itself is reconciled?I also noticed when viewing the contact details, payments showing in the activity appear the same way.
I'm in Brisbane, Australia and I find navigating around Xero is just a little slow generally - page loads are OK but just take a bit too long (over 1s) to be fluid.Looking at the Chrome network tab as I click around generally, I can see lots of cached content with 304 responses, but there are still enough live components/dynamic scripts with 700-800ms+ load times which leads to a DOMready time of 2.00s or so.
CLUSTER 1822
However the statement reflects multiple currencies (USD, EURO and GBP) but when the statement is imported unto Xero, Xero think all transactions are USD as that is how the account was set up.
The data seems to go back for 3 months, but beyond that, we have no line item data.Has anyone else had success with the PowerBI connector or is there a support avenue that we can go down for this?
This does not however create a credit note line within the customer record and my customer sales records in xero would be overstated (doubled possibly!
CLUSTER 1823
Maybe I don't care to see the Due Date and Paid columns, but I want to add a Total column.
When entering a payrun, the screen for entering an individuals pay is too spread out and you need to scroll to save and move on.
CLUSTER 1832
When you go to convert to an invoice, Xero then validates the Account code but it is too late as the quote has already been issued to clients.
Theres probably a very simple answer to this i just can't find it and I'm tearing my hair out can't seem to find an answer to this anywhere.
Without the ability t add bank account, I cannot import CSV file which I download manually.
It does this using Bank Rules or, less effectively, when it imports entries like those previously assigned to accounts.
The upload works well, however each client then needs to export back to xero in order to link.
the GST and PST are are coming in as separate lines, are allocated to the sales tax account, but with the tax exempt code.
CLUSTER 1834
Can i delete the batch and return the transactions back to unpaid and then continue to pay them individually ?
Hi,I would like the ability to select which bank accounts I want to show in the report.
But, could we have the same feature for when we enter an invoice, we are able to see in the History and Notes whom Approved an When?
The Title page of a report is normally the entity name not what has been setup as the report name.
I like to check the invoices before reconciling them because we do a lot of recurring monthly invoices for the same amount to the same customer.
CLUSTER 1837
Actual payments and fees are reconciled fine, but the transfers to the bank account are not: they are marked as reconciled in the bank account and unreconciled in the Go Cardless account.
What is the relation between Tax Rates under general settings AND Tax under Edit Account details?When I enter a new invoice and make it tax exclusive (under Accounts are).
One idea I have is to compute the exchange rate based on all the collected transactions, tell xero that rate (first subscribing to the multi-currency plan!
I have a client who accepts a lot of deposits for work to be performed at a later date.He sends invoices to clients for the deposit and codes them to a prepaid deposit account.
If I purchased things for the business with personal funds but don't care about literally reimbursing myself and only care about being able to deduct the expense for tax purposes, how would I go about doing that?
Having submitted the first VAT return in Xero does anyone have any idea how I can adjust the next return to include Late VAT claims from the quarter just submitted.
It will then be there to reconcile with the imported statement line.Method 2 involves more work as I will need to be collecting the bills from emails and entering them into Xero every month.
Hey guys,I have an issue where a client who i had invoiced, paid but added an extra digit on the end of the amount and accidentally transfered me an extra $60,000.
On a regular basis, I go to Purchases->Awaiting Payment to see what bills need paying, but at the moment this is cluttered with invoices that will be paid by direct debits.
Hi All,Apologies but I am a total novice.I am setting up Xero to work with my shopping cart WooCommerce - I have all the settings right but it is asking for an account for Discounts to be processed into.
I have reconciled all of the transactions to my sales invoices but have been left with a list of paypal fees.I believe that I should create a rule to transfer them to a separate account, such as "PayPal Fees".
Our financial year runs from November and I would like to compare Actuals against remaining budget till the end of our financial year.Many thanks!
Meaning that information is not available easily at all.Also in contacts if the chart of account gets set up, it should show up in the accounts tab when the name is entered of that contact.
- A client has a recurring charge that's invoiced via Repeating Invoices on the 1st of the month.- This repeating invoice is set to *automatically* Approved & Sent (because that's what Xero's for!
An extra column so we can see what actual price we are quoting is for a single item (otherwise we have have to put in a single item and then reenter the volume required).4.
At the moment I can either allow current year depreciation and correct with a journal in the current month, but then the fixed asset schedule does not match the general ledger.
Sales then PurchaseOnly a small thing but I tend to tab through when creating a new contact and consistency is something that make an application nice to usecheersMike Deam
In the Xero mobile app - after entering a receipt using the mobile app and saving it as a draft you can edit it's details but you cannot delete the receipt you've entered.
When you click on a date picker (in compare periods screen) that is currently set on April 2015 for example, the first date in the list is March 2016.
I would like to please request for a new feature to be added.Xero confirmed that the ability to track changes to the Chart of Accounts is not currently available.
Or add tracking category options to the other two reports.The current report options are great but missing the ability to filter or group by a tracking category.
Like when sending an invoice with, View Online.This would prompt people to accept a quote immediately without them asking you to approve the invoice first.
The batch file is created using that information and therefore the batch aba file could be created including fraudulent or erroneous bank information.
I sometimes use this field to record details of an invoice that doesn't need to be on the actual invoice for the customer to see, or to add details of a payment plan etc.
If you could create the payment as a draft, similar to the payroll process, you could set up the payment early and submit when you actually want to make the payment.
However if they them book 2, 3 or 4 days ( a weeks holiday for them) the employee cannot override the number of hours to reflect the hours take.
So, if they request 8 hours but they actually end the pay period 5 hours short, then I would adjust the request to 5 hours before approving.
When running the Payroll Activity Detail report, it does not show the hours of leave accrued/taken (only wages, deductions, tax, net, super etc).
I assume this is due to expenses/rev being posted into the period that would normally have got picked up by Xero's "Late claim" functionality, if the report had been finalised.
However on the Sales Tax Report, that $15.09 is not reported, yet it is visible in the Sales Tax account when viewed form the chart of accounts.
This should appear only for the specific contact but I could imagine that there are other contacts that have a supplier reference number that they would like.Has anybody encountered a similar situation and how have you resolved this?
For one of my clients, I need to issue an invoice that shows a 5% workers compensation insurance levy applied to the sub total of each invoice issued.
Lots of your customers want it and for those that don't, then no harm done....your aren't going to confuse anyone .... you are going to make things a lot easier for a lot of people.ThanksJeremy
(When I try to re-import the statements, I just get a message saying the statement is empty, or has already been imported, but some lines from the .csv file never appear in Xero.)
Sorry for the question but have been reading all your notes (re reconcile transfers in and out) and still unsure what I am doing wrong - really like to know how to do it properly so can power through these accounts in the future.
"Why Xero is asking me to pay to make a change in which period we are still under the old pricing plan?We are happy to pay if we have more than 5 employees moving forwards.
i.e 2 x 35sqft container = £34 The issue i'm having is that I need to multiply that £17 or £34 charge by the number of weeks that the container is being used.
A percentage of the sales invoices is paid straight away by the third party discounting company and the rest paid when the client pays less a fee.
Having set up a new employee in January, I have just realised that the leave is not accruing for him, in fact he is still at zero hours for Annual, LSL and Carer's/Sick Leave.
If they simply enter annual leave as a timesheet item without having gone through the Xero approval process, then this leave is never deducted from their accrued hours.
Hi,I'm processing a final pay for an employee but payroll is showing $0.00 at the tax on the unused label, what do I need to do to correct this?Thanks!Matt
I entered in all of the superannuation funds that we use including the SMSF's with all the relevant details.When I go into the Employee Record to choose a fund, it will not let me choose any of the funds.
Here is the background information that may assist,I have set up a tax deductible salary sacrifice for a motor vehicle payment using the following steps.1.
The super accruals reports can be grouped in various ways, to get totals in various ways which is good, but when that report is exported or printed, the totals do not print.
I am trying to set up a new employee...when it comes to set up his Superannuation the Super Fund is not listed in the drop down box....do i need to contact Xero to add????
The monthly payment deposit frequency has an "edit" link out next to it, but whenever I try to change it (or delete it) I get the same message above:"The deposit frequency isn’t supported.
CoverKit allows you to extract your business information to compile a financial profile that you can use to work with your broker to get the right insurance solution, for your business.
Any tips?A powerful, transformative solution which is totally tailor-able to match your business processes with added power of end-to-end integration with Xero.
Quote Stock Sell contains POS, warehousing and basic CRM and enables you to check salespersons progress against sales targets.For more information, check out .
We are looking to prepare a cash flow budget and at the moment it looks as though we need to use an add-on for this, can anyone recommend one that does not cost a fortune>
Hi - as above - we are looking for a diary/booking programme but it needs to a multi location package as we provide gardening services so we go to the customers not the other way round.
I am looking for an add-on with dual syncing that will allow us to make ACH payments directly to vendors where the payment is processed in 48-72 hours.
Sigh See below for Part 2Then I had hoped maybe I could set most of the accounts to the 'Square Funds' clearing account and get it all to balance out anyway.
We would then be able to produce a professional looking pdf invoice from Xero and send this to the customer.Is anyone aware of anything that would be capable of achieving this?
Hi,I am looking for an add on that will run a fee request system / application for payment system, to assist me promote it to clients using this method of billing.
They have recently released Paymo 3 (still in beta) and have said they are dropping integration with Xero because "Xero has been unresponsive" Is an integration with Paymo 3 on the cards?
Poor form from Xero in my opinion, not being able to add a simple auto-response saying something along the lines of 'this email address is not monitored...'
It is slightly above or below, and therefore it is hard determine which OK to click on.This has only been happening in the last couple of weeks...not sure if it is an issue at my end, or something with Xero...any thoughts?
Furthermore, based on the responses to my questions from your team I don't think they are taking the issue seriously or listening to my questions and detailed information before crafting a response back to me.
Hi,Firstly I really like the package, it is simple to use but there are some things we would like to see:1) I know there has been various discussions about users.
The batch file is created using that information and therefore the batch aba file could be created including fraudulent or erroneous bank information.
Report builder, more detailed user access levels...That might be intentional as the roadshow suggested your strategy is to compete at the smaller end of the market i.e.
CLUSTER 1841
Upon attempting to login I am told to log in through the Internet Banking website which allows me to also access standard Savings and Debit accounts.
ARK CLS is eligible to claim this and we did for 2015/16 through Sage and also for 2016/17 through Xero.I suspect we have overlooked something in the original set up of Xero Payroll.
CLUSTER 1843
When Stripe deposits the funds to our accounts, it automatically creates a payment against the relevant invoice and provides a transaction fee entry to allow me to reconcile the payment which works great.
Hi, I'm in a bit of a pickle cleaning up this Xero system for a client of mine.The issue I am having is trying to re-create a bank transfer after a bank transfer has been incorrectly reconciled as a transaction to a code account.
The NZ Charities Reporting regulations have changed, and all Registered Charities must report using the Tier 3 PBE Report Template.BUT it's only available through staff members of the Practice - so we can no longer prepare our own financial statements.
It's all getting a bit much and I slow down the process of invoicing and collections.I would like to have the customer facing staff to create the invoices (draft only) and the Finance and Admin person approves them.
I would like the line items on my quotes and invoices (when printed) to show a gst inclusive figure (showing exclusive at the moment) I know to fix this I need to change my templates however I do not know what "code" to change it too.
I am new to Xero having migrated my file from MYOB.In MYOB I used to be able to set up a sales template that I would reuse every day to input the daily sales figures in from the restaurant.
It would be handy when setting up a bank rule to be able to use blank allocation lines that are prefilled with Description, Account, Tax rate and Region but exclude an amount.
I ask because I would like to not only know that the feature is available, but also be able to compare the processing fees I would pay through Xero with those I'm currently paying through QB.Thanks!
I have found the P32 report which gives amounts due, but cannot see how that is updated to show the payments and hence give net amounts due at any given point in the year.
CLUSTER 1846
However, a little bit confused.The VAT to Pay Customs is showing as the full amount of VAT collected over the year.
Sales staff are paid on a commission only basis which means that they may only receive a pay every couple of months.
CLUSTER 1852
hi there,could i please request that the character length /size of the field which shows the header on the invoices as 'Invoice' be increased.in the building industry in order for our invoice to meet the legal requirements to be able to ensure payment we need the heading to be 'Invoice and Payment Claim' or 'Invoice / Payment Claim'.
If reporting becomes too much of an issue I may stop the multi currency subscription and split the business into two smaller xero subs one for each currency so I can easily report then consolidate when required.It is not a big entity so while not ideal to run two its not the end of the world.Thanks
CLUSTER 1857
When in the Auto Super area - I want to click on a payment processed and have the ability to Export to pdf, excel etc just like other areas in the program.The Superannuation Payments Report does not actually calculate what was paid - it only tells you what was accrued in that time frame.
The remittance advices are currently provided by the customer in excel format but I understand that Xero currently doesn't have functionality to use this to help allocate a bank receipt.I have looked through the app's listed and can't see anything obvious that may help.
CLUSTER 1861
As Xero doesn't pick up Late Claims when the first Vat return is submitted, the ability to select a first return submission option, for Xero to pick up the prior 6 months transaction would be beneficial.
It's just annoying that it appears and I wanted to know why and if I might be doing something wrong.I tried searching for this error in Xero and on Google but to no avail so am I the only one getting this issue or has anyone else seen it?Thanks in advance,Dave.
Hi there, I have a staff member employed as a casual that is not entitled to superannuation payments (I have checked the award legislation), but Xero won't let me process her pay runs without adding a super line.
I understand that Xero protects the bank account by making most add-ons go through either invoices or purchases, but in this case it adds a lot of unnecessary detail.Thoughts or suggestions?
CLUSTER 1863
Please could Xero be updated to support the payrolling of expenses, which HMRC introduced in April 2016?
Within our industry (Real Estate) PAYG is figured over a period of weeks as commissions are not always paid weekly.
Just thought it could be an idea to make the "Approved" a different colour, so that it does not blend in and look the same as "Scheduled".
I have tested this on various browsers and get the same result.Please can you look into this as the feature is excellent when it works.Paul
CLUSTER 1865
We've been using Xero since the start of this financial year (April 2017) but I don't think we're able to use the budget feature; I'm still keeping a separate excel spreadsheet to compare budget versus actual spending.
We've been using Xero since the start of this financial year (April 2017) but I don't think we're able to use the budget feature; I'm still keeping a separate excel spreadsheet to compare budget versus actual spending.
CLUSTER 1869
Dear Community,I just started to use Xero and try now to shift our actual accounting processes to the system.Therefore I have some vital questions:1.)
Like I need to show the purchases i.e., stationery and code accordingly in the chart of accounts, however at the same time I need to show that this purchase was paid for by credit card which could be classed as funds introduced.
I have created a new expense, and approved it for payment but have not marked it as paid.I would expect it at this stage to show in the "accounts payable" -> "awaiting payment" list so I can reimburse myself the expense from my business bank account, via a batch payment.
CLUSTER 1871
How about including a drop down setting so we can choose to view 50 or 100 per page?
We have found that when an asset's purchase invoice is amended the pending asset details are not updated.
CLUSTER 1872
I currently use Xero for 2 companies, one in the UK and one in Estonia.I am trying to find out if I can produce a VAT report or equivalent for expenses for the Estonian company, as it does not show up in the options even in the Financial Settings (probably due to the location).Thanks
I have a refund from a supplier that I wish to reconcile to a credit note for returned goods from that supplier and also a payment to that supplier made in error.I cant use find and match because that only shows sales and the CN is in purchases and the incorrect payment is also in the reco report.Im no bookkeeper so any help would be most appreciated.Thanks
CLUSTER 1874
Then I know that if I make profit each month that I will then have the necessary funds to make the full payment once it is time for renewal.
Why make me add them in my head to get a clear picture of where I stand?This would be great on the mobile app too.
When a batch payment is made the reference is automatically set from contacts rather than the reference on the invoice.
However, there are some really niggling issues that make using parts of it quite painful at times.
Hi XeroI have two Xero accounts for different entities, Global Search works for one but not the other.
CLUSTER 1876
Just adding this note because I don't see them listed on the bank feeds issue page.
Like a draft copy, otherwise I have to print off the copy and hand them out for them to check over first.
I made 1 $500 dollar payment to the credit card from my checking account.
Trying to create a draft payroll, but I click the button to create and nothing happens!
CLUSTER 1878
For example, to enter at the company setup stage a dummy invoice for all the balance on Accounts Payable, finalize the import, then import all the individual invoices and delete the dummy?
I read in the guide that you can upload your own template for invoices but I'm not sure I have time to do this as we're going live on Xero (after 6 years on Sage) from 1st April.
CLUSTER 1880
Just to give one example, one site claims to have some software tool that is the "ONLY service that lets you clean and migrate all your current and historical data", whatever that means.
Hi All!This may have been discussed somewhere in the forum but I would like to seek help on this query of mine:We do bank transfers between foreign currency denominated bank accounts.
I'd like an "attach document" button on the Receive a Payment/Add Payment section of a Invoice that adds the document (a customer remittance typically) to the payment (not to the invoice).
When we have queries and someone quotes the date the invoice was raised we cannot see which one it may be as it does not show on the list of invoices outstanding or overdue.
This then stays as the exchange rate for this entry when any conversions back to base currency are done.It is logical that Xero has to have an exchange rate to work on for any non base currency entry.
At the moment I can only see a report where if there are 3 payslips within 1 month, I have to add 3 amounts per employee to get that employee's super payable for the month.
I can't see how I can do this but it would save so much time and stop pay run delays.The only thing I can do is add another ordinary hours earning line on the employees payslip to adjust for the correct hours.
I have drilled down and looked at the detail and I can not work out why the amounts are different.Superannuation has not been paid, so that is one reason for the difference, as it is not on the P&L.I have gone over it several times - can anyone suggest what I am missing?
We have to sign up with HMRC before the start of each tax year and I'd prefer to do this and avoid the P11D workload - but I see that we need to show the benefit tax amounts and exemptions etc on payslips.
We would like to see Xero offer more customization options when it comes to setting "Staff" restrictions (view only, invoice only, access to everything in Xero, etc.)
CLUSTER 1881
Thus ignoring all the personal items in their bank account?Thank you!
These collections all have the 'date' and 'due date' listed, but not the 'sent date'.
Hi there,Since a couple days some of my buttons + tabs are not working.
CLUSTER 1882
I see heaps of advice on individuals loaning money to the business but not the opposite.
This is quite time consuming considering the volume of assets that we would have to upload.
Why will it not save the ones I have selected from the previous pages and allow me to deposit them all together?
A notification that the return hasn't been finalised would be great on the date the return is shows as overdue.
I have to go into the employee's record, manually apply for leave for them and then reschedule it in the payrun.
When I looked at that record, it showed the filing partially paid but with an unpaid balance.
CLUSTER 1884
As the "Dispose" option removes the asset from the Register this does not seem to be the correct method in this instance.
I keep getting an error when I try to dispose of my fixed assets that have a zero balance!
About the only other thing you you need to produce each year is the solvency statement which could be done as a report.
But alas, the GST Audit Report doesn't show whether there are any uploaded files for the transactions.
I know I can write a rule for this which would split the transaction into 'Revenue' and 'Bank Fees'.
CLUSTER 1886
(The company paid for the asset in full, but made several payments to purchase it -- a deposit payment and then a payment for the remaining balance.
We have a invoice spread over the year that we pay monthly, however the last payment of the invoice has been terminated and cleared off and is not required.
CLUSTER 1888
My problem is that I have several invoices that have  from clients into my old personal bank account during this financial year, that now I don't now how to reconcile in Xero.Is it correct if I use the  account?Many thanks,l.
It would be much better moving forward if a customer pays more than one invoice in one payment if there was, similar to purchases, a batch payment type facility in Sales Awaiting Payment, to enter the payment amount and apply it to that customers outstanding invoices, if more than one invoice is being paid.
CLUSTER 1894
We at Xero aren’t in a position to give accounting advice, but Xero users can be.
We at Xero aren’t in a position to give accounting advice, but Xero users can be.
We at Xero aren’t in a position to give accounting advice, but Xero users can be.
We at Xero aren’t in a position to give accounting advice, but Xero users can be.
And the booking fee (in our other CRM/ invoice system) is applied to that sale.
Just had a client request all 21 invoices they've been sent during the year to be resent to them.
The report at the moment only seems to track total sales, not by customer.
CLUSTER 1896
This causes all sorts of issues for us as the accountant.
all statements on my business credit card are zero2.
I see them in the "awating payment" tab under expenses.
CLUSTER 1898
But if I do invoices at the end of events or manually adjust inventory, the sales will show as double (Invoice + PayPal).
I feel crappy being that I trusted this software (when my accountant insisted I go with quickbooks) and now I feel pretty screwed.
For example, let me make the check payable to "Franklin Water & Waste", but have it addressed to "City of Franklin."
This then generated depreciation for 2016... but it had wiped the accumulated depreciation therefore opening written down values for every item.
However, even though I had unreconciled it and it shows as such, under my bills/purchases, it is still saying that the bill has been paid.
Any reason the Practice Manager level permission does not allow you to transfer subscription back to clients?
Any tips?The complete rental/hire business solution for all types of rental business from SMEs to large companies.
CLUSTER 1899
Which does surprise me as I think it's a relatively simple thing...I work from home for 60% of the week.
The baked in budget variance report works great with accounts--I just want the same report but with classes!
I was able to move it to the Liabilities section for reporting purposes, but I think it's still treating it as an asset.
All the information in my adjustments is correct EXCEPT I was choosing the month and day of the wrong year.
Can we have different names for them please, even if it means incorporating the word "Old" or "New" into one of the names?
I have settled these bills from other accounts and therefore can't get them to reconcile.Any help appreciated.Thanks,Adam
CLUSTER 1901
Is that still the only solution?I run a company in Portugal and with several people I pay, I have to retain a percentage and pay it to the Tax Man the following month.For example:Office rental = €1000Tax on building rentals = 25%    (ouch, right?
)Lastly, if it was set so one had to convert the quote into a draft invoice prior to having the facility to create the "Job Card/Sheet" the number could be used to book any sundry purchase and time to.
CLUSTER 1903
This is apparently something to do with Batch payments, however it doesn't apply to ALL batch payments.
We are not sure if we are entering the correct information here so not sure if this is the issue or whether it is something else.
Can anybody identify a way to report accounts receivable balances by tracking category.
Or does Xero simply account for an overpayment by reducing the income of that account overall?
I understand that I have to credit stock on hand but I am unsure which account I use to record the debit.
Any tips?AP Solution is our solution to the production of Year End Annual Accounts.
It is ridiculous that we are limited to email support that takes days to respond and then the response is not at all helpful.
CLUSTER 1904
Why wont it let me mark it as paid before it goes out.
I like the new report but comparatives are terrible.
This means I want to apportion the August payment.
CLUSTER 1905
Does anyone know the best place to go if you need new staff members, and it's crucial to your recruiting strategy that they have good Xero experience?With Xero still relatively new in the UK in this area, it's still Sage and other desktop/server programs that are on everyone's CV (even those CVs belonging to people under 20).Cheers,Hayley
with a trust or partnership which have beneficiaries or partners accounts in the Equity section of the balance sheet which have to be grouped to keep each beneficiary's/partner's a/cs together  eg.Opening Balance, Share of Profit, Drawings, the total comes up as "Total..(plus the name you gave that group eg Smith Family Trust)".
It would be really convenient if when creating a new invoice for a client to have a pop up reminder feature to remind you of such things as "client payments can be applied to credit card up to a limit of $250, or client prefers all invoices mailed in the post rather than emailed"If this already exists and I am unaware please let me know where to find it.
The other option I can see is just to set up 3 independent companies on separate subscriptions and have companies 1, 2 and 3 and manage it that way but for simplicity’s sake I wondered if that above would work given most of our inter-company trading is mostly coming to / from the one parent company
Hi,We currently use sage but signed up for the trail last night as now that Xero integrates with izettle and go cardless our two main payment providers it would make our life a bit easier with then just having to input the cash transactions.
I have just converted over to XERO from MYOB, so this is the first pay period I have created.I followed all instructions for setting up employees and entering historical leave entitlements from MYOB, but for some reason these figures are not showing on the pay advices - nor are they adding to to the leave accrued for the pay period.The result is that the Leave Balance is showing as the total from only this weeks pay - which amounts to 2.92 AL hrs and 1.46 Sick Leave hrs.... What do i need to do to make the historical/opening balances add to the accrued leave for the week?
CLUSTER 1907
It's all legit and above board, but what's the best way to ensure the best deal for everyone?Because I earned so little last year, I did not pay any UK income tax so I can't pay myself and then gift-aid it, and I'm not sure if there's something like Gift Aid for companies?So, is there a smarter way of giving this money than just doing a bank transfer?
Love the flexibility in the new reports, but don't understand why there is not the standard options ofShow YTDShow Total available for selection from the report options when running the report.I understand you can add them when customising the report, but if you do so, then you will not be able to change the number of comparison periods in the report when you run it each time.
I really don't need to report from Xero so these transactions are not important, but I want to get the 30th June balances right.I'm thinking there are a couple of ways forward:1) try to catch up on all these unreconciled transactions, setting up rules as I go.
Hi,We have an employee ”Mandip”, his balance leaves are showing under the heading employees<time off at  the end of year 2016 – 4 hrs Now, On his January payslip, accrual leaves should be 204 but it shows 200, can you please help us to get the correct info on his payslip.
Cmon... its a single setting in the database it would take 5 seconds for techie to help me out and return me to my previous setting.As a sole contractor in a small island nation in which its hard not to do business internationally, I'm facing 900$ a year to support 12 measly invoices.
CLUSTER 1908
By trial and error I've reconciled a loan account and when it appears on the dashboard there is a little green tick with a note that says "reconciled".
I have come to the conclusion that I need to record a prepayment for the revenue, then match the prepayment to the future invoice.
CLUSTER 1914
In one instance I did this and i managed to get this to come up in the "Find and match" but not the other invoices that I need to apply to the batch payment.I've got several bank entries that I can't reconcile because of this and would greatly appreciate some advice.
I obviously downloaded this last year (as imported it to PayPal account) so I tried to import what I think to be the correct file to the Westpac named Account but it says that its already been imported so cannot.
When someone buy something at the salvation Army or Mary Potter shop will be this seen as a privat drawing unless it is for the business as purchase or as donnation?Thanks
On my laptop (1366 x 768 resolution) the increased vertical padding in the rows means that the save buttons are all below the bottom of the screen - so I'm continually having to scroll to click the save button.
Not only am I making this case personally, but also as a Xero Partner the lack of this feature makes convincing some clients to switch to Xero a hard sell!Tom
All of which receive use.I've paid the extra for the multi-currency features, but am a little confused by them.I've tried to import the paypal history into xero, but it pays no respect to the currency column.
I'm setting up Xero for the first time, and so far I have most of the historical data in place ... but I've run into a snag with payments.I have imported over 600 invoices that were issued and paid in 2013.
We're new to Xero -- and love it so far -- but we have a web app with lots of customers.What we want to do is tie all of the invoices that we generate straight into Xero using (of course) the API.
I've just been putting in a spend transaction with the net pay and super separated, however this does not account for the balance sheet side of the equation (ie PAYG and super accrued).
But Xero isn't letting me delete the filing.• Xero is currently listing my next payment as Feb 2017 - this kind of makes sense as I have deleted all payroll payments after that date.
CLUSTER 1915
Whether a "contact" is a supplier or/and a client is really a tag.I'm using WorkflowMax to do invoices cause I don't want to go near Xero for doing this, but I assume it works the same.
Perhaps if I post this as a 'Feature Request' it might get actioned?When revising a Quote (which is frequent when trying to set Page Breaks), Xero 'helpfully' updates the date.
CLUSTER 1922
Hi all,We've changed hands in management recently, the previous manager was attached to the "invoicereminders@post.xero.com" email for late payment reminders.
Hi We're just starting to use Xero.I think I'm getting a bit confused with the multi currency function.We are based in UK but have dealings in New Zealand.
I really don't know what to do to reconcile my account in Xero.I do not use Xero for invoicing as I need to use the notifications my system generates to do it correctly.
A receipt from a coffee shop which was venue for a meeting between 2 staff/directors of the company and a professional advisor/consultant/startegic partner3.
Also when I return an item there is no way to enter a negative number so it make uploading a receipt for returns a pain, as well as deposit tickets.
I know I've banged this drum before, but the quicker you integrate with Bill.com, the quicker I can make Xero my exclusive system for my clients all over the freakin' US.
CLUSTER 1924
I have been asked by quite a number of clients for better bank deposit slip functionality.As many clients don't bank their cheque and cash receipts daily, they end up with various unreconciled receipts under the Account Transactions tab as they don't want to wait until they bank the cash & cheques to record it into Xero & use the existing Deposit option to batch them together.What we would like is to be able to select various receipts from the Account Transactions tab and batch them together & produce a bank deposit slip for them.
Hi guys,Just changed from a Sole Trader to a Limited Liability Company last year.As a sole trader I would record payments to myself as drawings which show in an equity account, I've been continuing to do this for the company accounts (I'm the only shareholder).It's come to the end of the financial year and it seems that I should have been coding these Drawings/Funds introduced to a "shareholder current account" which is a liability account not the "Owner A Funds introduced / Owner A Drawings" Equity account that I have been coding to.So my question is should i set up a "Shareholder current account" in liabilities and recode all drawings/introduced funds payments to the new account?Then set up a salaries payment and code it to the Shareholders Current Account?Thanks
Then I could knock of piles of the same type of transaction at the same time,  Instead, I have to sift through 40 pages to find them and re-enter the info, or hunt down the OK button if a rule has been applied.This seems like the FIRST thing that anyone would need - being able to sort the transactions by type, rule or name and be able to group them together, instead of having to follow the date order, through a mere 10 transactions per page.It seems absolutely  to me, that we can't have more than 10 transactions per page and we have to click "next" or jump to some random page.
CLUSTER 1925
I am adding receipts using the online and app expense claim functions but when I get an invoice such as one from Telstra which has GST and non GST amounts in it.I would like to enter the amount of the GST from the invoice rather than have it automatically calculate it at 10%.
At the moment it cannot be organised very effectively.One other thing that I would like improved in the Xero Files area is that the name of the folder is not totally visible - it only shows a limited number of characters which is not enough to display the full name.
CLUSTER 1928
Given that I would like to have the accommodation transaction (in hypothetical example, £90) as billable expense, what would be best option here?I will be suggesting colleague just faxes the accommodation and authorises spend on our card in future...Please help, my brain is melting :)
Statistics New Zealand has launched a trial with Xero that could improve the quality of existing statistics, produce new statistics, and save businesses time by reducing the need for them to fill in survey forms.
Currently the new P & L can be used and the report pack run with the old P & L, but the new can't replace the old one when printing this because the page numbering is wrong.
CLUSTER 1930
There's a "loan" account which I can assign the inward payment to.
The balance is off due to a few fees that were rolled into the loan.
Having transferred to Xero from MYOB, this is the feature I miss most.
CLUSTER 1932
So far so straight forward, however when thinking this through I realised that I was going to have to create a new customer contact (it's the same client but another 'arm' of their business), and it struck me that I then might have problems allocating the credit notes to the new invoices as it will effectively be a different customer.
However this causes the deduction to be shown on the payment summary.Ideally I'd like to be able to set up an allowance that doesn't automatically get added to the amount paid to the employee and goes to a different accounts payable account.
CLUSTER 1934
Hi, I'm a newbie so forgive me if this is something really obvious that I'm missing but after a whole day of searching help, I don't seem to be able to find the answer.I have a balance that is incorrect, even after going through and checking all of the transactions, so I wanting to check the running balance to see where it was going wrong - I went to reports to do this.
I have a client where credit notes are almost as normal as issuing an invoice (it is just the nature of their business) and the customers will pay them less the credits each week/month.It would be awesome to not have to allocate each credit to an invoice, rather to be able to select a credit note and include it in a batch full of invoices as a reducing amount.
CLUSTER 1936
I could sit and look at the screen and enter them in a spreadsheet, but that is not the solution I'm looking for.I need to group them by date and get the total payments received each month.I've not been able to find an elegant solution yet - I don't think any of the reports can help here, because I can't identify these particular payments to this particular invoice amongst all the other payments received.Any ideas?
I select the country column in PP statement as the 'reference'.I set up a bunch of bank rules that then automatically apply the correct transaction type and appropriate country tax but looking at the 'reference' and setting the rules accordingly.Xero could help make it better and easier by:1.
CLUSTER 1937
I love the financial reports in Xero but I do think it is important to also add common-size functionality so that a business owner can see for example in his Profit & Loss each line as a percentage of Sales.
Would be great to have the option to select various tracking category (child) budgets to total up to the overall (parent) budget.The key benefit being, if you update any of the child budgets it automatically flows through to the parent so no need to manually reconcile between them.
CLUSTER 1938
Xero is only calculating depreciation for June days when it should be written down to zero for the immediate write off assets and down 15% for pool assets.Does anyone know how to fix this?Thanks!
In my bank feed I have a CC payment that appears twice for the $722.50 which are 3 days apart, thus the account isn't reconciled as it is $722.50 out.
We also want to capture the online purchasers contact details to link into a Contact Manager/CRM, I suppose this is done when importing the invoice (and purchasers details ) from the sale.
CLUSTER 1940
I would find it very time saving if there was the ability to schedule a payment date for a batch payment, from within the approved bill.
I'd like to be able to tick a box somewhere and have Xero prompt me to add a document when using a rule a to reconcile.
CLUSTER 1941
NZ Payroll - Employee Hours WorkedWe need a report that shows the Employee hours worked for a selected date range.
When I need to export the invoice statement as an excel file, it does not give me the option to add the reference for each invoice to the file - essential to my customers.
As the admin I can see the timesheet data, but I know the employees would like to see it as well for approved/processed timesheets.
I know this is in the frequently asked questions but I can't seem to just set it up so all my invoices, statements and remittence advice etc all come from my accounts email.
However, this doesn't allow me to do a different PTO accrual rate for regular hours versus overtime hours, as far as I can tell.
I had also thought about using Xero's description but its not searchable an again I can't report on the NOT condition.Any help or suggestions much appreciatedSimon
Can someone recommend a payroll add-on that will be willing to customize/work with us to create a specific payroll for Papua New Guinea.
CLUSTER 1942
The P&L report does not show up in my list of Performance reports -- why?
It is possible to rotate currently but the position is not saved.Thanks in advance.
I see that I can (and have) set up a Paypal account to automatically feed into Xero.
Help Payroll is showing the following when I try to open the page!
CLUSTER 1945
We need an option to search for sales credit notes, presently you can only search if you know the credit note details but it be helpful if you could select credit & only see a list of credit notes.
Hello,it will be nice if you could add a reconciliation date while manually reconciling a transaction so it will show in the bank transactions the date payment was released/received and after reconciling it shows reconciled date which the transaction took place in bank.
CLUSTER 1947
When it comes to filing tax returns (in New Zealand) Is it okay to run all my sole trader work and the income/expenses assocaited with my property under the same Xero account and use this to calculate my personal IR3 tax payments?
2 things I'm assuming but would appreciate confirmation of: I should treat the expenses claim form as the 'receipt'; and since the employees/contractors pay VAT on fuel I must pay them the VAT (the fact that they are not VAT registered being irrelevant).RegardsMatthew
I have tried logging out completely and going back in again to preview and checked the employee TFN saved, which it has but it is still reverting back to the original TFN I put in when set up of 000-000-000.Can anyone help here?TIATina
Does anyone have experience in integrating the two systems with an outcome being a cash flow forecast?2) Any quick answers on which cloud cash flow & forecasting app uses multi currency?Thanks
CLUSTER 1948
It is great that you can add a tracking code when you are creating an invoice but this does not seem to be available to 'invoice only' users?
For example, to my knowledge Square does an automatic entry into Xero for the amount that is expected to be transacted soon.
CLUSTER 1949
We are on accrual, but as a construction company are also on the completed contract method.
I'm at the point of cancelling my subscprtion but thought I'd look for other input.RegardsHilary
I need to see the transactions in order to reconcile the payments, please!
Briefly, would you choose to use Xero payroll again or do you regret it?
CLUSTER 1953
Hi Xero,Any news on your progress with Phishing within your program.Our invoice numbers and amounts have been intercepted and sent to clients during the email process, the bank details also changed during this process, obviously the new bank details are not ours..Sadly we weren't notified that this has been occurring, yet a search shows that is has indeed be happening.Where are you at with this?
They then click on the notification and it opens up the item & they can see the query in the notes.Seems a really obvious omission to me: Xero is designed to facility devolved business structures but there is no easy way for the remote team members to collaborate at a fine detail level.
Hi ThereI have had a look at the find and recode feature that you released awhile ago and while I think it is a great idea I feel that it has not lived up to the potential that it had.I feel that the one main thing that is missing is the option to inline edit the invoices on Xero without having to open up a separate tab.
I found this for Xero on Android, but can't figure out how to do it with Xero in a browser.https://help.xero.com/US/XeroAndroid-BillableExpensesWhen I pay a parking bill with plastic and the tip in cash, I cannot find a way to assign a Receipt for the cash outlay, submitted as an Expense Claim, to a customer.
I successfully disabled the feed but now when I try to restart the feed the account doesn't show in the drop downs.On the Start feed screen it lists the account and the old balance at the top and then in the drop down where you select the feed to start it only shows the other two accounts connected to that particular bank account but not the one I want to restart.
CLUSTER 1956
Hi,When I enter a new Bill for a repeat supplier the Add Last Items link would automatically appear but now it's not showing up at all... Where did it go?
We operate a 2 step process for this with our book-keeper approving them (looking at the detail) and myself as Finance Director authorising them.
CLUSTER 1957
The article explains that Xero can create an invoice from this job, but I don't understand this point.
When i try to edit employee's superannuation membership detailswhat is the employee number ?
CLUSTER 1964
If that method is correct then what on earth is the point of the automatic CC feed?Any pointers would be extremely welcomed!
I have checked payslips that have previously been emailed and they are all correct, but when I check them in Xero they are now incorrect.Please advise ASAP.Thanks
CLUSTER 1965
I must missing something but I cannot work out what should I change in the “code” of the docx template…(even when I use the docx template in xero, the system shows it correctly however when I create a pdf, the pdf is not good, it looks like the one above…Any idea how to solve this issue?Thank you
I do not know whether there is an audit trail showing me who made changes to this field and when but an email notification confirming each change would also enable me to see what is happening and if I changed the date myself, the email would act as an additional reminder to re-lock the period.Thanks for hopefully considering this suggestion and maybe implementing it.Andy
What I am asking here is other accounting packages I am using show a lot more detail that what is currently been shownFor example when a cheque is written or an amount transferred it shows the account it the payment/transfer went into.This saves time as you can see where you coded that bank account the time before
Hi guys,I'm reconciling Annual Leave balances for 31 Dec year end and the balances per the "Leave Balances Report" within the Reports section does not match the leave balances within the Payroll - Employee - Leave section for each of our 5 staff members.Does anyone know when leave balances are updated?
I need to convert this back to an indicative number of days owing, but if I use the standard hourly rate this is going to overstate the number of days owed (quite a lot of overtime is worked which increases the annual leave pay rate).
Hoping someone can help.Almost all my expenses are non-UK (even though I am a UK management consultancy business), and to help the reporting to my clients I put all receipts through Expensify and use Expensify to generate reports to validate the costs I pass on to my customers.However reconciling is a nightmare and I am hoping someone has solved this.
CLUSTER 1967
So as an  example ..... if the customer initially paid from their credit or debit card, that is how we will refund as we don't carry too much cash as a small business.
Hi Xero,The new account transactions report is great, but there is some key functionality that I feel is missing:- There should be an option to turn on a running balance column.
CLUSTER 1969
My guess is, the unreconciled bank lines need to hit the Profit and Loss accounts, so we can claim the GST credits and expenses as deductions against our income in financial year .I know that if I just code these expenses on the bank reconciliation page, they will move my Profit and Loss for FY 2015.
The company will pay the remaining 140.84 through its own bank account.First of, I need to let Xero know that only 140.84 are due to the supplier, then I need to be able to reimburse my partner for the prepayment that he made.I have tried using expense claims.
Hopefully a simple one.When we incur an expense on behalf of a client, and reconcile it or create the "purchase" invoice, we enter the costs, and choose the code "disbursements", which automatically brings up "15% gst on income" for the tax rate.Is this the correct tax rate choice when dealing with disbursements?
I'm a single person business now but that new product should garner the need for employees, cost of goods tracking, inventory as well as the typical expense/income reporting and of course sales tax payments.I'm at an internal impasse because I'm a Mac user and feel the future of most software is online.
At present we have only one inventory report which is bursting with information but fails to give a simple unfussy view of the amount of stock held of tracked items.A simple report which shows the amount held at the current time, together with approved orders and committed quotes would help us manage our inventory items much more easily.
I am trying to view the gst report but when I go to reports xero asks me to enter gst details..I can enter gst number,accounting basis and filing frequency but next period due column is blank and I can"t enter anything there..can anyone help me out?
With this in mind I have to manually input all our pays from 01/07 but would like to know if I need to create an 804 liability account or was this only used for the new release.it would be extremely helpful if someone could advise me today as I need to process the payroll today.thanksCheryl Rose
CLUSTER 1971
We've just been building our report packs and have noticed when we use the predetermined report feild "Organisation Address" it pulls the postal address into the report and not the actual organisations physical address, has anyone been able to amend this to put the correct address in or is it something people are just adding a custom feild to correct?
One of £35.70 and one of £84.60totalling £120.30  I made a test payment of £4.60 which left a balance of £115.70.When I try to reconcile I select the £115.70 and the two invoices but it tells me I am £4.60 short I can see this transaction but cannot for the life of me select so I can reconcile,regardsJeremy
I've checked out the feature that allows me to share an invoice via URL so they can view the individual invoice online, but does that extend to their entire account or just the one invoice?My goal is to allow them to be able to view all outstanding invoices at any time, as opposed to having to email them the URL for each individual invoice.
If you convert to Xero partway through the financial year, using conversion balance, rather than historical transaction details, then the TPAR is incorrect, it does not report the full details.You need to be able to enter absolute historical contact transaction details for the financial year, to feed into the TPAR report (in a similar manner that you can do with employees).
Is there a way to get Xero to project ahead and deduct a percentage of their wages for PAYG withholding?I know you can set a dollar amount with the 'upward variation requested box' but this is no good for employees who earn quite different amounts betwwen pay periods.Help please!
We have bank statement lines for each monthly payment to each individual employee, and one statement line per month to HMRC for PAYE and NIC.I expected that doing this year's pay runs in Xero would create a Supplier contact for each employee, but that doesn't seem to have happened.
CLUSTER 1974
He has had to pay a deposit of £25k and all of the VAT element up front (£17k) so a total payment of £42k.
Hi,I created a prepayment at the end of 2012 and now i want to credit the related bill which is from 2013.
The problem is that this delete button is visually the same or similar to the exit button for other pop-ups such as the attachment viewer.
All software that Accountants use reports at the bottom of the Trial Balance the profit.Please can this be added.
The problem comes when I "TAB" thru the Expected Date field which causes todays date to default in.
I would like each member of staff to be able to log in and submit timesheets only against one or more clients.
i posted the pay run on pay day.At this point I was stuck with how to pay the invoice.
In light of thisso I will no longer be recommending it to clients as it is too confusing to use when invoices don't show up.
CLUSTER 1975
When I first started using Xero, my invoices showed as sent next to them, and when the client looked at the invoice it changed to viewed.
I understand that freeform HTML in there is probably not the best idea, which is why implementing a formatted plain-text syntax might be a good compromise.Thanks!
The inventory item that comes across is often not exactly correct so we have to manually choose the correct inventory item before we approve the invoice.
Hi,I need a way to break out how the actual invoice differed from an estimate (over or under) in a report or in the invoice itself.Basically, to explain the differences and track them for the customer.
The strange thing is, the transfer dates don't match.For example, I have a transfer dated leaving Lloyds on 30th April, but it arrived in my PayPal account on 28th April.
CLUSTER 1978
What I'm not sure of is how that would then impact our accounts payables/liabilities statements or what would happen when we actually pay the tax authority the amounts due.Are these viable options?
When reviewing pay items it would be extremely useful to have a report available on pay items showing whether or not the tickbox for "exempt from superannuation guarantee contribution" is ticked.
The reference for the feed is "Principal Credit" but the credit card is not linked to their normal business account and they can't seem to find that same transaction with the same amount on their bank statement for that transaction date.
CLUSTER 1985
So now I have all the transactions showing up in one defunct account that was created by accident and can't work out how to get them across to the active account where all my other transactions are!
So it means scanning loads of transactions that have no data to find the ones that do dotted among them - a simple sort by 'ready to reconcile' would be brilliant!
CLUSTER 1986
One is a standing order , the other a manually initiated transfer.In the "sending account", the first bank transaction shows a "Match", but indicating 2 possible matches (these being the 2 debits to the "receiving account").
So unfortunately my reporting at the end of the year doesn't show all these figures properly which would be nice.This is literally the ONLY issue or item that could be improved on from my point of view though, otherwise amazing software ;)
I've noticed that the payroll overview screen is constantly being upgraded which is great.However, the latest upgrade this week which has added the areas for tax lodgements, payruns and timesheets takes space from the leave area.
But I do believe the whole user role set up needs looking at and rearranging to suit the day to day running of businesses, and am aware there is a whole thread for this.However, my main issue is with the Read Only role.
I am new to using Xero and am loving all of the features available - the program is easy to use and very streamlined.One feature that I think could be improved is adding the ability to add new accounts when recording a journal.
Could someone help me please, I have recently added the superannuation feature which allows me to auto our superannuation payments clearing but when xero did this they had it starting from the very beginning which I have already paid.
Upon payment we received an email stating that the file would be available in up to an hour.Its now been almost 3 hours and I'm still waiting and unable to speak to someone to check on progress.
CLUSTER 1987
I realise that I cannot reclaim the VAT in these cases, but they are still legitimate expenses.
I am now reconciling the credit card and need to allocate this to the receipt I have uploaded, but I can not find it anywhere.
Currently you can only set one email address which Xero uses to send all emails.
When looking for a transaction that is already in the system, I do a search and if a few come up I have to decide which one.
CLUSTER 1994
is it right that I need to code the Tax rate on fuel expenses to ‘NO VAT’ in order to prevent Xero from calculating this and adding it to the VAT return form?
Is anyone able to give me some direction as to how I clear out amounts which are showing in the superannuation payments detail when I go to add a super payment under Auto Superannuation Payments.
The key is under settings/general settings but invoice only users don't have the settings tab.Can Xero give invoice only users access to the Xero network key?
I know it seems lazy, but this would be helpful to know immediately, instead of having to look it up if the employee isn't at work that day, and they haven't called in sick yet.Cheers!Love your work!Dominique.
I want to start using the expenses claim feature within Xero but repay these claims to employees using our (non-Xero) payroll system.
Then match the total payment (over payment) minus the refund to the invoice total?Sorry, I have only been using Xero a few months and this is the first time this situation has presented.
Hi since the standard package is going from $50 to $60 per month, will the superannuation super stream be available with the standard package.
Hi,We are just starting to use both Xero and WooCommerce on our WP website.Does anyone know if the plugin uses the Xero API for transferring sales data?
CLUSTER 1997
Also my client wishes all invoices (and numbers) to be created in Xero as it is their accounting system (makes sense).Xero does not accept invoice imports without an invoice number; whilst it makes sense that the system needs a unique identifier to group lines onto an invoice it isn't helpful that it requires this to be the final invoice number.
If the company has a policy of accruing TIL, only if,  the employee works 30 minutes or more over standard hours, is it possible to re-design the timesheet area and include the following sections/ columns so that TIL is automatically calculated on the timesheet?TIME RECORD:DateDayStandard Hours (or Rostered Hours or Agreed Hours)Start time  i.e.
- However we found out that the monthly manual journals (P&L + Balance sheet) processed from 1 July 14 onwards do not take into account the opening balance from comparative Jun 14.- manual journal that we process for monthly movement does not allow posting to Cash + Receivable + payable accounts.
Hi I have had issues with an former employees p45 as he did not appear in the FPS as a leaver after it had been processed.I have now seen this message when I was looking into how to make sure the P45s were being correctly processed:"Select the employee’s last day, and then click End Employment.The date should be after the payment date, or the period end date that is linked to the last pay run the employee is included in.
CLUSTER 2003
The issue we're having is that this is causing havoc with our VAT returns, and these are having to be done manually and is very time consuming!
I too love this report but could the date default to the oldest item on the uncoded statement?
But It seems like the system and/or myself has doubled up sales inputted and transferred sales from cliniko.
I'd like to be able to export a report to XL to do this, so I can show her clearly how the adjustment was calculated.
CLUSTER 2004
We use batch deposits to manage the payment but it is still very manual.
I've had a look at the topics listed in this area but can't find any that looks at this aspect.
CLUSTER 2005
We also sometimes use our business card to pay for some personal stuff (my son saids this is a bad habit and we should not use it, he's a second year accounting major) So I my question is how do I pay myself in the accounting software, do I match the checks that clear in my personal bank account as an Owner's Draw Transaction and also do I need to transfer funds into that account.
Hi,I am concerned about going paperlessXero allows you to upload invoices and receipts etc to a file library, BUT You can you download files from the file library one by oneIs there a way of downloading all files ?if you download your accounts can you tell what file was attached to them ?regards Paul
CLUSTER 2007
I dont need jobbing functionality as that is overcomplicated for my business.What I need:A system that tracks stock movement and provides running stock on hand by item,  total, qty and value.The packages I have looked at so far seem to do purchasing, receipting, adjustments and sales ?
I still can't believe just how ridiculously difficult it is to get what should be the most important report on the system - a 12 month P&L.The new report give just a total.The old report interface has so many options, none of which are particularly easy to understand.
CLUSTER 2008
but when i do one interstate which includes flights / hotels etc in the fixed price (say $14,000 fixed price but i have allowed for approx $2000 for my travel costs) then just recording the expenses against the codes is skewing my reporting.
We bulk issue invoices and would like to reconcile the payments by getting the customer to use our account number as their payment reference, but cannot find a way of displaying the account number on the invoice.
But there will still be all of the Payroll and Expenses listed under Tax Exempt.Our Request: have some kind of Organization set-up that does NOT count Payroll as Tax Exempt, and allows us to NOT assign tax codes to Expenses.
It is helpful to unsell items from time to time, but to have the choice as to bulk/individual would be helpful and less time consuming than reprocessing all the disposals that I never wanted reversed in the first place!
CLUSTER 2010
Every time I try to set up the feed, Xero tells me that the access to my online banking is locked.
The only way to allow them to do  both of these tasks is to give them approval and pay rights but that then defeats the reason for having certain people to approve purchase orders.
CLUSTER 2018
At the moment each payment has to be entered and you go back to the invoice page and have to open the invoice again.
To me it makes sense that an authorised expense claim is automatically populated in the employee's payroll.
We would like to view Activity Statements for bills the same way we have view them for customers.
CLUSTER 2021
Are you aware of this ruling and do you have plans to resolve this issue?
When does a leave application affect the Leave Balance?
CLUSTER 2023
All payments (minus fees in the case of Paypal and Amazon) get transferred to my business bank account.
We need the ability to be able to import contact notes as well as being able to export all contact notes.
When you have a large inventory order it is a long process.This relates to suppliers who do not receive the xero generated purchase orders.
Or one can have all money concentrated in one account from where you pay bills so you never pay the bank dishonour fees.
I have to fold up the paper & then fold in one side so that it comes across enough to show in the address window of the envelop.
Running a photography business, I've found that there are a specific set of expense categories that are not available when reconciling my accounts.
However when i try to export it to excel i lose all the layout, and the export defaults to the standard Xero profit and loss.
Should it say more or is that it?I've tried using the standard template and the customised template and it seems to make no difference.Thanks for any helpCurtis
under payroll settings i am trying to create a new calendar, when i click add calendar nothing is happening/responding.
CLUSTER 2026
when the purchase is being made in order to buy the business, aren't you therefore purchasing Equity?
I am working in a firm and all my clients only want to sign the form with all the details filled.
I was just want add a field to the INVOICES table to refer to a second contact.
Would save me HEAPS of time when I try to run commission reports.
Hello, I'm writing to express my concerns regarding the email feature to send my invoices.
I presume this is because the previous accountant was not updating this number when lodging the monthly BAS?
Unfortunately I am unable to dump Xero because it the only accounting software which can talk to my website.
CLUSTER 2028
Hi,I am in a process to finalize the GST return but somehow its SAVE feature is disabled, which does not allow me to save the return for final.Any help?
We know this because it we go to Accounts -> Purchases -> Awaiting Payment, we see the partial payment amount and the apparent balance payable (viewable ).
We would want our common and usual verbiage to be saved in the saved branding theme but want to over-ride it when needed like we are able to in the Quote format.
I have ticked the box to say we are claiming employers allowance but I can't see either the employers NI or the employment allowance on the P32.
Now when I send an invoice, the time and recipients email address is recorded in the notes at the bottom of the invoice screen each time I send it, not just the first time.
CLUSTER 2029
I'm used to Excel and such, where you can just search all fields for everything, whenever you like...Thanks for any help anyone can offer!
When you go into supplier/customer and see all the invoices/credit notes that have been entered, is there a column that shows what period each transaction is in?
The dashboard widgets for money coming in and money going out currently show draft invoices and overdue invoices.
When I click "match" I am presented with EVERY so-far-unreconciled Spend-Money transaction on Xero, most of which are from Expensify.
CLUSTER 2031
It seems like xero doesn't understand the difference between sales tax I paid and sales tax owed on items sold (sale of tangible goods isn't part of my business, but if it were this looks like a nightmare to sort out).
HI, I'm sure this report must exist already but I cant find it.I need to run a report for a specified time period that reports all revenue for the period on an invoice/journal basis (not line item).
CLUSTER 2036
I then set up my credit card as a bank account to bridge to the transactions.
At the moment I cannot see if a repeating invoice has already been created.
Pre-payments are handled a bit strangely within Xero.
We have an issue that is affecting multiple client on the VAT Reconciliation Report.
CLUSTER 2039
I'm not an accountant and generally fumble my way through our bookkeeping but this is a very important client and I want to make sure I get this right first time, so would be very (very) grateful for any advice on how I might go about this process the right way.
Hi there,We are starting to interact with a lot of different (AU) banks from the direct bank feeds interface.One thing that we're finding is that the data flowing from these banks is quite inconsistent.
After importing bulk historical sales invoices using the csv template, the account code column in the csv field (just the numbers matching the chart of accounts) does not seem to be populated.
I don't know how to put double payment, as the invoice has been paid on first payment and where to put the refund of the invoice.Doing my my BAS and it isn't working as I have those double payments from clients,Any ideas please?Thanks
Hi Xero community,Hoping someone out there can help us.We have an employee that has left the fold, but because we are getting better at being great people to work with, has come back for more.We therefore have two payroll records for him.
Initially just tried to skip that week altogether but the system automatically created a pay run and applied a timesheet that reflected TWICE the normal pay reflected on the employee's pay template.
CLUSTER 2040
Hi hopefully somebody will have an answer, i am struggling reconciling my bank statement lines that are "cash paid into atm".
I can connect one login but Xero does not give me the choice to add a different login for the other credit card.
I have been publishing this report and then re-using it and copying it to update it for each month, but the I have to click into each detail report to update it to the current month also.
Would be great to have the option to email employees' previous payslips direct from Xero as well as just being able to download them.
Is there a way to import those inventory items that they choose, via a .xls or .csv file into a new quote or invoice?
CLUSTER 2041
A remittance file can be transferred to my bank and paid automatically.
With 0.11 rounding, it did the calculation, but that the bill doesn't balance.
CLUSTER 2046
When a client is getting an audit, we give the auditors Read Only access to their Xero account.
After approving most of them I noticed that the account codes hadn't synced up properly and they were all had the wrong account code.
At the moment we can only allocate tracking to each employee (under employee group) for one tracking category.
I cannot find a report which provides the pension information for uploading to the NEST website.
What I'm suggesting is that when the upload button is activated, there is a camera option in addition to the browse option.
CLUSTER 2049
As long as there is a vendor account # visible on the purchase order, it's debatable whether the purchase order should even show two different addresses, that just encourages errors too.I've even called out that the items is being drop shipped in caps in the delivery instructions at the bottom and the order entry people still miss it.
Is there a way to load this into Xero somehow so I dont have to type it all in by hand?I realize I could use the Xero app for Shopify but the reviews are not great and I dont really want an invoice in Xero for each e-commerce order.
Just pay the amount outstanding and your account will be reactivated when the payment is processed - within an hour, the helpful little popup box says.Well that was 7 days and three payment attempts ago.
CLUSTER 2050
Although these are default, they don't automatically appear when an inventory item is added in the invoice, I have to click on the field to activate it.Can this please be automated as per other defaults?Thanks,Brian
Hi,I would love the ability to be able to add images (for every line item) when creating Quotes (and Invoices) - much the same as what Quotient does.Is this something that has been discussed or considered?
CLUSTER 2051
Its exceedingly handy, but that information only exists within the Contact screen.
When I go to pay a bill, I'm asked to "Please select an account."
Summary: Bookings are generally confirmed months in advance of departure.
This seems like an obvious question, but I'm struggling to find the answer.
I have searched the help but can't see it anywhere.Thanks in advance,Cass
CLUSTER 2055
For example, we have a bank account with USD 5000 balance, can the bank summary show the balance in USD instead of convert to base currency?
Therefore, I am trying to setup a recurring monthly invoice where one amount is payable to the landlord, and a portion of that (5%) is payable to the tax office.
I dont know if I really need it there.but I am transitioning from MYOB and I am used to having it there.I am having a hard time figuring out how to make the invoices the way I want them with all the details I want on them.
The email button is already there but as you click the Approve button (below the invoice) the email button moves left to be replaced by the "Print PDF" button.
But Xero defaults to March 2015 when clicking the date drop-down, so one has to scroll and select the prev March 100's of time a month during tax season.
I'm guessing they will need to update the employee cards for any backpackers.FYI the ATO website says it's the employers responsibility to determine if an employee is a backpacker.
His combined income with his wife puts him over the threshold and he is wishing to avoid the bill at the end of the financial year.Kind Regards,George Carmichael
CLUSTER 2063
we raise sales orders to clients, then wish to only part invoice this order picking out certain lines from the order, is this possible or has anyone an add on that works please?
Cannot access and get an error screen that says:We're sorry, a problem has occurred.Please try againIt's possible the problem you have encountered is temporary.
If I were to use Xero's batch deposit however, where I select multiple invoices to include in the batch, then I'm unable to record and allocate the processing fee to an account for reporting later.
When I fill in the details for a new employee and file their form - then go and try to process a pay it comes up saying no tax needs to be withheld yet the employee is eligible to withhold tax?
but late start at 16:00 HKT (Booked at 15:30HKT)End up, she can't get back the result during the Skype Call with Share Screen.
CLUSTER 2068
I recently converted a file from Sage to Xero and used both of them for a two month period to ensure continuity.Upon discovering a difference in GST I looked into the reason further.
)After saving the rule Xero keeps changing the amount from 100 to 0 (so the rule becomes ">=0".Does anyone have had the same problem or would know why this would be?Hanys, N.Z.
For ex, I want to see a listing of checks from a bank account however I also want a column that shows where the other side of the coding went whether one expense account or multiple expense accounts.
I contact Square about every quarter and beg them to either make an API accessible so that services like Xero can tap into it for at a minimum read-only access to the data.
I see from reading around that this is the case for other users too.But then it asks me for:Pension namePension provider idEmployer idNEST gives me an employer id and a delegate id.So what goes in each box?Thanks for helping with such a basic question
CLUSTER 2071
But at the very last one, as I didn't make copy, then deleted the 20 items information on that list, and clicked save under new vendor.
Setup an Inventory Adjustment account, which we don't want as it negatively impacts the balance sheet among other things.3.
Have had instances where staff are interrupted from their work and then their Xero login times out and their coded data is lost because the save and reconcile button wasn't clicked.
The Invoice Preview is a variant of the online payment screen a customer sees when they click the link in the email they are sent.
It would be handy to be able to select individual credit notes along  with invoices when reconciling payments made.
Thus my request:  Can the above report that I run just show the Cost centres with transactions attached please and ignore all Cost centres that has no transactions??
I tried to post journal entry, I couldn't do it, I tried to reconcile it against unpaid expense claim (this account does not show up as the account to reconcile).
Has anyone had any experience on this type of migration projects?We've already sync'ed the two apps but Xero will only works for certain kind of invoices, not all.
CLUSTER 2072
i am new to a small business and am confused about how to account for expenses when i charge fixed price for an engagement.
Xero seems to require an invoice for this, which then doesn't show an amount available in the debtors / creditors control accounts.
I really think that this needs to be fixed so that the layout on the batch payment screen is different.
If you create a bill and use a document from the library and then subsequently delete the entry the document is deleted with it.
Can I request a feature to stop potential duplicate entries of expense claims or at least warn against them?
This is not very helpful when the attached source document needs to be viewed for authorisation or audit purposes.
I hope for the sake of your customers that you continue to attempt to make them happy rather than your stock holders.
CLUSTER 2075
Business started 3rd week of July last year and I'm told the amount of cash on hand is somewhere between 5k and 10k at any given time.
I have a large credit note that I would like to allocate to lots of small individual invoices (my example is on the sales ledger but purchase ledger works the same way).
CLUSTER 2077
Dear Xero team, Please add more condition options to the Find and Recode tool, such as, but not limited to- Contact Group- Invoice Created Date
Perfect.Now I wake up from the dream, it's been a bit longer than a few days, the statement seems to have a different figure to the one I banked and can I get the bills to total exactly?
The managers procedure is to enter the order as a sale, staple receipt in a book for that customer, when the customer makes a direct deposit the receipt is then removed and thrown out!!!
I was sort of expecting them to be the same and sometimes historically they are, but I am a bit mystified by the difference.We use tracking but the fact that the differences are not carried forward suggests to me its not a tracking error.
I do not want to take the time to get Xero all set up only to find out it won't work or I need to spends hundreds per month on plugins trying to puzzle it together.
I have sales codes set up but I want to go in to edit the existing ones - it is easy to see the "+New Item" box but how do I edit the existing codes ?
I know its only a small amount in cents but its still creates more work for me to write that money off or can you fix it so i can send out correct statement.. 2: Up to date Account information.
We have almost everything ready, imported all the invoices and bills of this financial year,even used xero for the wages for the last two weeks.
CLUSTER 2081
You then lose the benefit of the data entered by the client which provides greater detail for the transaction.
Competition prizes - I run a monthly competition where cash prizes are given away.
Can we have automated reminders via email to employees to fill in timesheets when they are due?
So I have a Stripe account linked to my Xero, which gives customers the option to pay online.
Im new to Xero and cant seem to get the bank feed working..
The upload worked, but upon doing my bank rec, I noticed some of the items are missing.
CLUSTER 2082
I was looking at the quote feature but not sure how this would fit the bill...
Good Afternoon,We are currently have to manually apply credits against each invoice.
How do I fix this employee balance to reflect the true amount that is was paid?
CLUSTER 2083
I know you can define two codes and  to each transactions - but that will take ages!
Think I posted in the wrong place but he deserves 5 stars!
CLUSTER 2085
Hi, it doesn't look like xero is calculating pay properly to incorporate the deduction for childcare vouchers - for example if someone's gross salary is &#163;4,000 and they have &#163;100 of childcare vouchers and then &#163;1,000 of PAYE and NIC, Xero is telling me that &#163;3,000 should be paid to the employee rather than &#163;2,900 - have i got my calcs right and has anyone else experienced this?Thanks,Noa
If you are currently paying foreign currency invoices via your bank our add-on will...In brief the add-on will...- Provide access to the most competitive exchange rates;- Process payments to the beneficiary bank accounts;- Eliminate all payment charges;- Store on all onward payment beneficiaries for future use;- Fix exchange rates in-line with invoice terms;The add-on is free of charge and in return for testing we will pay 0.15% on the transaction amount as a "cash-back" reward and extend this for 6-months when the add-on is live.For more information, you can see the add-on here http://www.satfxonline.co.uk/fx where you can sign up and start using the add-on.
CLUSTER 2086
On Xero I've reconciled this transaction as a transfer from the bank account to the credit card account  but I see it as money received on the credit cardWhere am I wrong?Thank you very much--Vito
Hi, We need to send our clients the super contribution summary receipts, however we can't send them the payment report, because there are too much private employees details on it.
CLUSTER 2088
I'm sorry if I've asked for too much in one go, I can understand this can be frustrating to read to people who actually know what theyre doing, but I just want to do right by my parents.Thanks for any and all help!
The other option is to select and pay the invoices individually, not only is this time consuming but I have had an instance where my credit card has been suspended due to multiple transactions to 1 company - the bank were protecting me as they thought I was being scammed.
CLUSTER 2090
This $110 deposit shows up as one line in our bank account transactions.Unfortunately, the written line was short by $10 : "One hundred dollars."
Our client has approximately 6 leave approvers within their organisation, however when they request leave, it also shows all of the accounting staff who have payroll admin rights.
When a client changes year end of if the bank requested YTD information we would like to have the YTD in one column but the full year comparatives in the other,E.g.
I just know that as a user I need to be able to deal with duplicates every single time I reconcile some of our accounts.PLEASE bring back the ability to delete statement lines.
Similarly, if I run the Supplier Invoice Report, it only includes payments that were posted as Prepayments, and also includes elements of payments where they had an overpayment left over, but it doesn't include the whole payment.
After enetering an Employees overtime I select Save & Next and get the following error£62.50 is what the Company pays each month to this Employee, how do I resolve this issue?
Hi,I ran our first pay run last Friday and although we have claimed the Employment Allowance, the charge we would have incurred is showing on the P&L.
CLUSTER 2091
To whom it may concern,Xero should have the option to close VAT periods to make it easy to identify prior periods differences when doing a VAT recon.Will this feature ever be available?Kind regards,Paul du Toit
I have put all of this through Xero payroll as a salary sacrifice deduction and his first payslip looked great - the gross pay, net pay and deductions all worked out.
CLUSTER 2098
I believe it recommends to make sure you've reconciled all of your accounts before converting.
I am frustrated that data I enter in the "WHY" field is difficult to include in reports.
Then you have to go find the client and BAS again to take it to the next stage.
Can someone tell me how to with to my new bank in Xero?Thanks in advanceAdrian
This is very frustrating when one wants to make a small change to the description.
CLUSTER 2103
Hi thereSomething has gone very wrong, so I hope someone could help me understand how this has happened and how I can sort this out.I had the account 3140-Salaries, which had all the payroll movements since we started, and another account 3144-Termination Benefits, that was set up and used only in January 2017.
Hi, I get the following error when I try to import a customized chart of accounts; "This account could not be imported because it is missing one or more of the mandatory fields - Code, Name, Type, Tax Code"But, none of the fields are missing.
In order to identify and rename an image, you must go through the following steps:    - Click the file to preview it    - Close the preview    - Click the gear next to the file to rename itIt would be helpful if the file could be renamed from the image preview itself, by clicking into the preview header that shows the file name.
Is anyone else having issues with Annual Financial Statements for clients that have a February Balance date The reports are not picking up for this year 28 Feb 2015 to 27 February 2016 and last year picking 28 Feb to 27 Feb.Any fixes other that exporting out to excel.Xero looking into????
I paid this invoice (a positive amount) from the Cash in Hand account (which seemed to work) but I can't see a way to back off this transaction, there being no void or delete option on the invoice options menu,Can anyone help with either item please ?Thanks
Hi There, I'm trying to complete the payroll settings but can't get past the setup in Organisation Setup, Wages Payable account selection.Other liability Accounts show in the drop down box, but not the 804 Wages Payable - Payroll, this has been set up.
CLUSTER 2104
I'd also love to understand the accounting entries because I can't see what is happening.I did read something about having to set up a clearing account for Paypal but I wasn't quite sure how that would work.
When I look at the HMRC guidance it says these sales are outside the scope of VAT but how does that relate to the options below?Do I choose: No VAT Zero Rated IncomeExempt IncomeMany thanks
I have to account for VAT on what is unearned revenue when they pay in full for the course at the point of registering and then if it doesn't happen I will reclaim the VAT paid over at the point of refund.
However, this now means my Bank Balance is incorrect and the value is still not coming up automatically for me to use to 'mark as paid' the invoice for this year's event.
I would like to be able to remove an expected date if need be.In purchases you are able to, by clicking on the little red x next to the expected date you have previosusly set.
Some clients often transfer money to us for fees payable by them.we effectively are just transferring the money on there behalf to pay bills.help much appreciated
Our current account and the two credit card accounts.Our bills for each credit card account are automatically debited monthly, in one lump sum, by the bank.
She has some instances where it is a small business and she needs to manually adjust the directors payroll depending on the circumstances, but only wants to do the payment summaries for the rest of the employees now and lodge them now with the ATO.
Hi guys,First of all, love the system - it has revolutionized my accounting, keep it up!However part of the reason I love Xero is that it integrates so well with my job system - Paymo.
There is no other way to describe this but stupid.But worse than this, looking through the forum, I find that these *basic* problems have been reported for some time without any fix.Not sure where Xero gets its reputation from now that I've tried it.
CLUSTER 2107
xero shows an opening balance which we have no idea where it came form as the conversion balance is totally different.has anyoneles had this issue or know how to resolve it?
I know that we could just "swap" the positions however this creates problems as only the primary contact is shown on the supplier list and contact summary card.Cheers,Michele
CLUSTER 2115
Hi Xero,I just started working for this company and the previous bookkeeper hadn't reconciled any of the bank transactions going all the way back to 2013.
Now I have a full-staff but I also take some out and put into my personal bank account to "pay" my wife and I since we both run the business together.
)Can this be implemented somehow?I have even tried to create a 3rd party application for this using the API but it is too difficult to join the tables.
A quick and (hopefully) easy one but vitally important!Can you please add for NZ Payroll in the Payroll Activity Details Report.
HelloI have been using the Yodlee bank feed but its a bit sloe and not up to date by a week.I want to change over to a direct feed with Natwest.
When I go into payroll --> employees --> taxes then the eligibilty-status, opt out reason and the respective date boxes are greyed out and I can't change them.Any ideas?
CLUSTER 2116
When I logged into the online banking I could see the funds were in the account but had not fed across to Xero?
I would like to be able to see the GST total on a batch payment as well as the payment total.
This saves reviewing the GST Audit report line by line, which will speed up & automate BAS reviews.
I want to use the app 100% without having to login to the web to add contacts.Any ideas?Thanks
HelloI am trying to do a payment run for a client and one of their members of staff has taken holiday this month.
Surely the report requested asks for the items that hit the bank not the individual invoices that amount is paying.
I dont know much about Console, client is using MYOB - he says they link but what does he know, he only owns the practice!
CLUSTER 2118
I'd rather show it as an offset to the wage expense.Is it best to just create a new expense code and credit that code with the subsidy amounts when received?Thanks in advance for your kind help!
Is there a work around?If not I suspect that this needs to be a feature request which would be to have an additional import field that is the identifier of transactions to group but is not the final invoice number which would still be generated by Xero.N.B.
This is very frustrating for our client who has to manually apply the appropriate tracking category option to each line of a draft invoice because the Xero API cannot transfer the division code into that field.
Hi there.Not sure if any one else has done this but I'm wanting to produce a report for Sales where the total Sales in a financial year could be split by currency (we have 7 currencies that Sales are entered in).
If the employee does not work 5 days then the processor need to remember what hours that part time employee works each day in order to adjust the leave back to the correct amount of hours.
CLUSTER 2122
Our VAT registration date is 1st Sept and we were initial signed up on the annual VAT filing programme but before we filed anything with HMRC (or in Xero) we have just switched to quarterly.
The problem is now with the statement;  when reconcilling it only shows the original individual payments that i made before using xero and obviously does not match the batch payment which now appears as a lump sum or multiple payment.
I would love to have the ability under 'Awaiting Payment' section to be able to manually organise them into seperate areas for Direct Debits/Automatic Payments, and other invoices which I manually pay.
Invoices recorded in Xero which need to be deleted due to an error, mistake or other requirement.It needs to delete in full and reset the numbering to the last one used.
CLUSTER 2123
But if I undo the payment and then void the bill I will still have two transactions to reconcile.
I'd like to be able to pull up a transaction history to know what and when we have paid someone.
The benefit of one account for COGS is that once I've reclaimed all items the balance is zero.
At present the current YTD figures are compared to the  prior year which is of no use.
It seems Xero inventory currently only supports inventorying items that are sold.
I have read through the help menus and looked everywhere I can think of to update this but to no avail.
So when I reconcile those paid invoices, I have to Find & Match and then adjust for Stripe's fees.
This has been entered under employment details (although it does not let you specify which days are worked).
In order to reconcile the payment to him, I 'Split' the bill so it now shows an amount due to him.
CLUSTER 2129
Which, well in 2017 just isn't the case for anyone who works in retail.
I had the idea (which I took from Facebook) to create a "view as" setting.
I am having to then go back into the invoice to manually send the invoice.
Was curious as to why this doesn't apply by Invoice/Bill as against each line item?
CLUSTER 2130
Hello,Our accountant has finalised our books for the year and provided me with some adjusting journals to do.
Chargify has an integration with Avalara, but we really don't need all the other features Chargify provides.
When reconciling a transaction it would be great to be able to apply an existing Rule.
I'd like the ability to "see" the $1000 as $1000.To put some background around this.
At the moment there is no way to track who has approved or rejected an employees leave request.
I'm trying to figure out the best way to manage our bank line of credit.
Just recently I noticed that there are extra spaces appearing in my emailed sales invoices.
CLUSTER 2133
Does someone know the difference between "Expense" and "overhead" account type in Xero under the Expense class?
We are a business based in the UK which have recently taken over a small (ish) US based business.
Unfortunately, when we delete the login and reapply it does not correct the issue.Has anyone used M&T Bank feeds before?
We're trying to use Expense, but the only problem is that it is marking the payment as going to the purchaser, not the business entity.
It would be perfect to have a button for them in their settings, where they can choose to auto-submit them on a certain date.
How do we fix this?Feel we may have a big operation to fix this mess.Can anyone help?
I would like to know if Xero can process payroll for employees residing outside of UK.
We are purchasing roughly 500 SKUs that are placed in a storage where the production staff grab them as required.
CLUSTER 2135
I put through the security deposit as an invoice and issue a receipt when the deposit is made - this can sometimes be 12 months in advance so I need to do this to keep track of what and who has paid.
The two card options it's giving me are not the cards I'm trying to add because these cards are for a different set of login credentials, but at the same URL (chase.com).
CLUSTER 2136
Hi all,My client's company bond has grown in the past year.
Invoices are issued out of our job system while statements are issued out of Xero.
The VAT amount in the audit report to be 14% of the gross amount.
I would like the option to 'hide' formulas when the result is nil.
Well and good.But the paid invoices don't map or isolate the fees.
CLUSTER 2137
Also my ledger is out by few pence and tried everything to find the difference but having no success I thought i'll ask for tips or advise here.Thanks,Darshana
But this then causes an override of the checking account login feed so I need to update that manually again before I can access the checking account feed.
Our accountant made up our accounts to the end of the financial year and included those invoices received into the last financial year for when we invoiced our customer for the works.
Another key feature that turned me off from QuickBooks is that I cannot delete someone from the current list of members I have, making it much more cluttered and confusing.
Since changing to this new pay system all our pays are sitting in our bank statement waiting for reconciliation but I can't seem to get it to look for or 'attach' to the payslips/payments.
Here is another one.When I run a general ledger in accrual vs. cash basis, I see some discrepancies with some of the pay run generated transactions.
Therefore, I was wondering if you could help me in understanding what add-ons can be attached to Xero to make it more flexible to suit the company’s needs now and in the future.
I like the spanner planner, but at &#163;47 per month its far to expensive for a small place like mine.Thanks,
CLUSTER 2139
When adding receipt claims, I need to be able to add the HST (Tax) but The tax field is un editable and says 0% Tax exempt.
There are not normally a lot of these transactions but they do need to be reconciled and balanced on a regular basis.The multi-currency version of Xero is currently targeted at larger businesses that deal in multiple currencies.
CLUSTER 2143
Either way, in the most courteous fashion, FreshBooks automatically sends late payment reminder emails - which improves your cash flow, and saves you time.I would also like to see Xero provide a sort of repository of well designed invoice themes & templates.
Hi, apologies if this has been bought up before.We process a fortnightly payroll for around 100 employees who do manual time sheets (as they are mostly computer illiterate), it takes so much time to enter their personal and annual leave in their employee files & it would be so helpful to be able to enter it directly in the pay run screen.Does anyone else think this would be useful to them?
CLUSTER 2145
The trouble is this is showing in the profit and loss even though no money has been moved.
Could someone please assist me with archiving employees that are no longer employed
Um, payroll per employee the good old P11 - is this hidden?
CLUSTER 2151
The acid test there is dumping the Supplier Invoice Report into Excel, and adding up all the INVs, less CRs, less PPs and that should give the current Account Payable for that supplier - which it doesn't.
I feel like the answer to this could be really basic, but I am brand new to Xero.I don't want to use items at all in my file, and all my items are at the moment is just a doubling up of my account codes.
HiI am trying to work out how to reconcile bank feeds with payments to employees to Xerofor example: I paid an employee $1200 this fortnight (It comes up on the bankfeed) and I want to reconcile this to her payslip somehow.
Sales staff using the invoice option have full access to all the company financial information through this hideous dashboard telling the world everything.
CLUSTER 2152
It is very frustrating having all the supporting documentation at the end of the workpapers when exporting to PDF.
When I connect to this account using other Yodlee-powered sites (eg.
The free text field does not to be linked to anything or even printable.
CLUSTER 2153
Some advice would be most welcome.I saw an app called MileIQ which seems to do the recording of the data, so I need something like this, which I can integrate with Xero or Receipt Bank and then figure out how to get this recognised in the right way.TIAAndy
I think it would be great if all bills, invoices, etc, had a QR code which you could scan using the xero iphone or ipad app, which then automatically create an entry into the accounts of the amount, payee, payor etc.
CLUSTER 2154
We love the fact that you can email a client a link for them to sign a tax return.
Can we have a warning when an organisation's turnover is close to the VAT registration threshold please?
I want to search all the Invoices excluding Inv# 215 to Inv#354
If, for, example, that popup is sitting over the dashboard, all the info on the dashboard is still visible.
HiI raise a PO with a supplier who then makes the items to the schedule I give them.
CLUSTER 2155
It is extremely annoying and means I have to check each line to avoid making mistakes.I have checked in the chart of accounts and the items have the correct gst alloted to them in there, but they still randomly change on the purchase invoices.Any ideas?
This is important to the employee so that can prove employment from their payslip if having to contact HMRC about their tax affairs.The payslip shows the date range (period) to which the payment relates - followed by "month #" (being the tax period according to the tax year).
We would like a time sheet for our employees to fill out, that doesn't just show the amount of hours worked per day, but more like a time clock that shows start time, lunch break, and also finishing time.
Now, since the job numbers haven't been invoiced, I can't make the job numbers inactive, my only option is to delete them, BUT I need to keep them since they have time - it's a vicious circle.Is it possible to "fake" out the system and create invoices using the time, then go back and void the invoice?
Is that OK?Part 2:We sold another item on eBay for £8.50 including £3 postage.The money went to PayPalPayPal takes their cut of 49pI've read that as we are a limited company, we have to charge VAT when we sell old equipment.
That means that this staff member will have a HELP repayment that is actually based on their gross taxable earnings ($1,200 x 52 = $62,400) plus the RFBA's of $30,000,  for a total "Repayment Income" of $92,400.
It is so frustrating that Xero still have not given a supplier payment report!I have big multiple suppliers that are paid in big batch payments every month with multiple invoices, and there is no supplier payment report that you can select a certain supplier and see all the payments with all the paid invoices!!
CLUSTER 2162
In terms of work flow, we view the order as a "Sales Order" that we invoice prior to shipping and the invoice is paid at that time.These orders come into Xero as Invoices.
I have no approved any expenses so can still change it but i'm not sure what I am meant to do.Should I enter receipts into purchases to reconcile against the bank feed or Should I enter them as an expense ?All expenses come out of the business account.Thank you.
CLUSTER 2164
When an invoice has been created, in the 'Payment Advise' section (lower part of the invoice), only the amount due is reflected, not the currency.
When it is possible to manually enter the hyphen when saving the PDF, it defeats the purpose of setting a numbering system if it is not carried all of the various process.
CLUSTER 2171
With some emails being forwarded to the inbox, up to 9 (in one case) pictures can be added to the inbox separately.
I have went through all the tutorials and set up payroll, including all the starting balances since I moved over from Quickbooks mid-year.
CLUSTER 2173
All superannuation contributions paid for the employee's benefit8.
When I quote they are then addressed to accounts payable, which I do not want.
CLUSTER 2176
When we allocate a code  / account to the transaction, the information recorded in the discuss tab is not visible in any Xero reports (GL detailed / Account transactions).
If the Tracking Category was the primary search engine then all I want to see is All the transactions posted to that Tracking Category regardless of the GL Code.
I would love to see a module within Xero which would allow the user to enter Estimates for prospective customers.
I have set up a bank feed for paypal and it shows the full amount received for each invoice but no reference to the fee deducted?
At least three times a week a get a call from a customer saying could I send them invoices to back up the statement amount.
CLUSTER 2178
HI Would it be possible to pay Xero invoices as we receive them when funds are available instead of sitting on our hands waiting for you to take the money?Regards, Bradley
The account shows 100% reconciled unless you added the transaction fees manually (unlikely).Even worse, Xero doesn't flag that the bank feed statement balance does not match the transaction balance.
Hi I have followed a few guide and force created a bank called 'Stripe' to essentially reconcile my stripe payments against sales invoices individually which works well for me.
Automatic Wages reconciliation journal like bill payments to allow the wages payment to be automatically matched up to the bank account like a bill payment would be.
Hi,We have several clients where their Xero is either slowing down due to the amount of data stored in their records, sales invoices that are being raised or purchase invoices that run through their accounts each month.
The main reason I don't want to give staff access is because we reimburse expenses in a number of different currencies and Xero can't handle this (it all has to be done in our base currency which is not what most people work in).
CLUSTER 2179
Hi AllIs it possible to design the statement template to remove the due date column?ThanksDave
on bills in (whether included or excluded), but not invoices out.However, my Accountant has just started an audit and cannot remove the v.a.t.
The scenario is I have a number of registered fixed assets, but I need to change the linked Accum Dep'n account.
Hi I need one of my users to have invoice only access as I do not wish them to see the bank accounts etc.
Hi allI'm fairly new to Xero and i'm looking for the best way to use the inventory functionality.
When they email a sales invoice the reply address is shown as the default email address which isn't necessarily their own.
The video shows the PO process is more suited to sending a PO to a vendor, but I have no vendors that work like that.
CLUSTER 2182
Or, do you have any suggested applications which can integrate with Stripe to solve this problem?
I understand PayPal don't care but maybe the Xero TEAM do?
CLUSTER 2187
An invoice that only contains a WEG figure does not contain all of the necessary information for it to be a tax invoice.
Do i need to manually take these into consideration as an adjustment to the next VAT quarter or does Xero do this for me?
Here is another question to allow me to close this year out:Stocktake - i have a figure for what we were holding at the year end.
Hi,I'd like to be able to add our email to the header of our invoice.Thankyou,Amanda.
For example:Current integration does not include payments to invoices in Xero when made in Clio.
CLUSTER 2193
Please integrate a setting to allow for a default date range to be set when a report is pulled up.
Thus, I would like to know if currently Xero servers have issues, or what can I do to solve my problem.
I'm new to Xero but have never seen this behaviour in a payroll system before.Do we have something set up wrong?
Sorry if this has been raised but couldn't find it.I have noticed that the dates on the Payroll Activity Report are wrong for the From + to dates.
CLUSTER 2194
We have a few customers who pay their invoices with cash and cheques  I was just wondering how do I record it correctly in the paid to area at the bottom of the invoice in the make a payment?
"At the moment you can adjust the cost code and the tenements (sub section) without adjusting the reconciled batch payment in the bank rec but sometimes you need to adjust the invoice further.
The new Side-by-Side Display for entering bills is great, but it really needs the ability to zoom and shape the display panel so that we can see the entire invoice.
I'm trying to transpose the text from an imported PDF bill in to the bill screen.If the screen aligned left I would be able to drag the PDF window to the right and see both at once.
HiI am looking for an add-on that will send a purchase order to the supplier when a customer order is processed, and be able to convert the item numbers for different suppliers.
CLUSTER 2198
I know we can simply record them as 'returns and allowances', but I'm looking for a solution where I can also track them against the customer (e.g.
It would be good to be able to enter a new tracking code when entering a transaction eg job number
At the moment Xero creates one line, a sum, out of those two credit notes.Many thanks,Nicholas
I have made some changes to the Chart of Accounts to reflect the fact that we now need to run a workplace pension scheme in the UK.
Hi there,I am migrating to Xero from a simple ledger system that can outputs all the debits and credits since record began.
Change 'amounts are in...' to 'no tax', and then then either 'tax inclusive', or 'tax exclusive' -- VAT doesn't get updated any more.Marcin
Ie if his gross pay is $800 and salary sacrifice is $300 the super calculated for that week is 9.5% of $500.
Each one has a slighty different way of doing things, and with slightly different needs when it comes to payroll.
CLUSTER 2205
Does anyone in Xeroland have experience of loading barter systems, such as Bartercard, BBX, into Xero without the live feed available in New Zealand?Having made extensive investigation on this topic, I am non the wiser.
Is it possible to change the layout of a payslip?When employees are salaried rather than hourly paid, the payslip is showing the hours and rates of pay (per hour).
The new change to the payslip format means that the employee name & address is no where near the address window pane on a standard envelope - this seems like a major oversight to me!
I need to be able to attribute the costs of printing items to various expense categories (rent, electricity, labor, freight) and inventoried items both tracked (substrates) and untracked (paper, ink).
CLUSTER 2208
I'm struggling to decide which is the best account (from the default chart of accounts) to allocate these expenses to.
We invoiced the customer in USD and received payment in USD into our USD bank account.
At the moment I physically change the email address when sending statements as it defaults to the invoice address.
I changed the start date to Aug 1 thinking that would fix the taxes issue, but it did not.
And will the holiday balance show her remaining entitlement in hours?Please can someone help with this.
We've only been using Xero for a few weeks but it's already causing us headaches in the form of:1.
CLUSTER 2212
I put it through as an overpayment, but later found out my husband was paying for an upcoming service in advance and later received a new invoice for that amount.To add to the problem, I inadvertently used 2016 as the date for the overpayment, so now the invoice keeps showing up in aged payables, even though it's paid.I can't seem to reverse the overpayment or edit the dates.Does anyone know how to correct this problem?Thanks,
The current workflow is even more confusing when you consider the potential flow at filing time:1) Draft report2) Publish report3) Click file button4) Login to MyIRD5) Arrive back at Xero with message stating report was filed and a link to the receipt.6) Reload the page At step 6, you're back to the start with the box asking you to "file now with IRD" which is confusing.
When I revise a Quote, the date field automatically updates to 'today'.Often however, I do not want this, and have to remember to note what the original date was before hitting 'revise' and then manually re-enter it.Could a pop-up saying "do you want us to update the date field - yes / no" be put in, to give the option, rather than Xero assuming this to be relevant, please?
CLUSTER 2214
I then pull out the paper copy of each one I'm paying and physically give them to a signatory (our business rule is that 2 signatories must sign off in the bank account for the payments to be processed).
I need the ability to keep a stock account of my hired lighting equipment and show  each item on an invoice without having to make an adjustment to the quantity of every item.
Is it possible to export a calendar out of Xero showing who has leave on particular days, this would be a handy feature and something that management regularly request of the payroll team.
There are "repeating bills" but that uses the same details each time where I would like to change select details each time, and it also requires the bills to be entered at a pre-chosen date rather than sporadically.
CLUSTER 2215
I cannot fathom how your bank system works, but it's creating chaos here, and because I can't talk to you it is deeply deeply stressful, I have a client here telling me I’m a ****, and I can't explain to him why the software is speaking bollox to me, I literally do not know what to do expect re-input a whole year using a proper accounts package that works.You can't even speak 'english' as my colleague here alleges he has "reconciled" the bank, but he's talking toss, as all he means is that he has CLICKED on the downloaded entries that appear, and posted them in the books.
There is a huge difference between a company employing 10 people and a company like ours with ONE employee and ONE trainee and a number of very short-time casuals.I appreciate that it costs money to create xero, but to cause us to keep track of employees on paper for a month and pay them manually so we can enter their payments next month when the counter resets hardly seems like a good model as we aren't paying the extra, and the extra cost isn't value-for-money.I have discussed this with xero who are powerless to act, but I suggest that had I known about the new pricing schedule in June when I started, I may not have invested in using it.
There's little account history so perhaps reconciliation matches will improve over time.It feels like the matching is getting misled, though, and I think it could be improved.In the left side of the reconciliation screen, I see the fields from my bank statement which show transaction type, memo field and amount from my bank statement.The bank statement has provided the following values -Date = 2013/10/10Unique Id = 2013101001Tran Type = DEBITCheque Number = Payee = "DEBIT"Memo = "NZD 40.00 2DEGREES MOB ILE AUCKLAND"Amount = -40.00Xero is matching every Payee = "DEBIT" entry with the previously selected item with Payee = "DEBIT".
CLUSTER 2216
We receive a soft copy remittance with each invoice itemised but there is no way to get this into Xero to match against the invoices - I still have to manually select them all and create batches.Does anyone have any suggestions for how better to automate this process - do you know of any add ons that may do it?
It was actually a test to myself so I know it hasn't been received.When I go in and manually email the invoice it does get sent and subsequently marked "Sent".Can you please advise?ThanksJK
CLUSTER 2218
I thought it would be simple, but with the fee situation, I'm not really too sure how to do it.So far, I've done absolutely nothing to record the refund in Xero.If it makes any difference to any forthcoming advice, I am GST registered.I appreciate any help with this!Thanks,Sid
Has anybody worked out a way to pull out your weekly cash flow from Xero?I have tried running the Detailed Account Transactions report on a cash basis, but this does not match the money going in/out the bank account (which surprises me, but that's another story).
If you are interested in developing electronic filing software, contact us at:GST/HST Electronic Filing Services SectionCanada Revenue AgencyEast Tower - E03Canada Post Place750 Heron RoadOttawa, ON K1A 0L5
Hi,I am new to Xero-Payroll and I am trying to set up the payroll items.We have to pay into a redundancy fund for our employees that really is not an allowance etc.But it has to show up on their payslips, can anyone help with how to do this.It is sort of like Superannuation.
Some of the features we would need to retain are not included in Xero, but with so many add-ons available - I have no doubt we could find something.Xero Practice Manager looks quite good - but I'm not sure it allows full project management (assigning tasks to jobs and users?
Lately we get an email stating they will be in touch within 24 hours, at times it has been longer than this, and then the response has been an auto generated link to a site that usually doesn't answer the question.Personal service is really, really important.
CLUSTER 2219
Assign an expense to a customer - adding a tick function to apply the billable expense to all lines on a bill instead of having to go through and add it to every single line individually if they are all going to the same customer, just 1 tick box would save so much time.Thanks
Not worried about this fine at the moment - I can sort that out later.• I made subsequent payments for April and May 2017• I then deleted these payments so I could make an EYU for us to update the last two months of 2017-18Unfortunately, after all this, I have a few problems...• according to HMRC my EYU was incorrect as it didn't include any taxes in the update.
CLUSTER 2220
Can I just create a new entry when reconciling without adding them to an invoice (and assign them to designated accounts instead)?
Anything in the works for a Cash Flow report that populates from your AR, Quotes, AP and Purchase orders?
I'm also trying to figure out if I can add our Scottish Charity Number to the invoice as it only shows our registered company number.
mistyping figures etc).I did search but couldn't find a setting that enables the report to include credit notes - is there a way to do this?
On July 1st all of our employee's will get a 3.3% pay rise (they are all on different rates) 1.
Hi all, just brand new to Xero and searched threads and can't find a solution as of yet.I'm having an issue with the timesheets for employees.
I was previously able to process their pay run, but since the end of financial year there is no employee to select from.
CLUSTER 2221
And since I'm going back to the beginning of the year there are quite a bit to edit so it would save me a lot of time to do this in bulk.Anyone have a solution or an idea to try?Thank you!
I would suggest a screen that shows all the billable items and allows you to check the items you want to change back to non billable all at one time.
According to Xero Support:"When you select a list of Bills, Xero remembers these Bills and when it's time to put them into the Pay by Check grid it retrieves them again.
When I enter the pay run in xero I can sort by similar fields but as I start entering the hours the employees come up in First name order.
I have a credit card with the vendor and I login to their site to make a payments, sometimes one lump sum for prior  two to three months.
If you want to revert pay runs to draft to make adjustments, you will be able to revert the most recent pay run, per pay calendar to draft.
Hi, I usually run the payroll between the 20th and 25th of every month, and we have one employee who uses the timesheets while she is part time.
CLUSTER 2226
HiI'm adding a water bill to my purchases.However, none of the VAT rates equal the right amount.There are several lines in the invoice: water, sanitation, urban residue and "additional".On the invoice they say the VAT is 90c, but the lowest I can make it with any of my tax rates is €1,50Obviously only some of those services are subject to VAT (and possibly only part of them) but it's not clear which and can't be bothered to find out.In this case, could I use the work around where I just add the VAT amount by hand and add it to the VAT account?Please see image for clearer detail (IVA = VAT in Portugal)
Individuals have pointed out that they assumed the Income Statement report would match their Cash Basis accounting setting, that it has cost them time or money with their bookkeepers, etc.The worst part of this is that there is no indication when you navigate to Income Statement in the Reports menu that you are viewing an Accrual Basis report when your settings indicate otherwise.
I asked Chase for help but they said they can't (surprise).The only thing that might be relatively unique about my situation is I had Chase merge my old personal online profile into my new business profile when they setup my new business checking account, so after I login with my new business credentials, I also see my personal accounts.I assume though that Xero does work with Chase US Business Checking accounts?Is there anybody else here who has either had this issue with Chase or other banks and did something to get it working?Thanks,Matt
My belief is that I enter his car allowance when I create the pay run?The problem I found is that when I entered his allowance in the pay run, the Wages PLUS the car allowance automatically went to his Primary Bank Account.Is it possible to link up his Car Allowance rate to his Secondary Bank account?Any advice would be greatly appreciated.
I'm just wondering what the best structure for my Xero files would be to reconcile and code payments made via Afterpay?I can see on sales slips that the reference is 'afterpay', but I'm unsure as to how I should be setting this up in Xero considering that the amount paid to me is different to what is paid by the customer as Afterpay take a percentage of the sale - I also have to account for coding and reconciling those fees as an expense also.This has got me really confused... Any recommendations would be greatly appreciated.Cheers
CLUSTER 2229
I've created multiple invoice templates with different branding, and different email templates, yet all emails are now sending from one domain (eg: company1.com.au).
Hi I have been happily been using Xero and the VAT invoice raising section for over a year now and just noticed (as did one of my clients) that sometimes the VAT number field does not appear.
CLUSTER 2230
The work they did was useless and we have recommended the best option is to start a new subscription, and allow Jet Convert to migrate the old file in.That worked out great, but is there any way to transfer the Bank Feeds from the old stuffed subscription to the new one?
Hi does anyone know the best way to process Paid Parental Leave in Xero?I have received the funds from Centrelink which I have put to a liabilty account "Parental Leave Payable"I was going to set up an earnings item for Parental Leave but you can only allocate an expense account to earnings.
CLUSTER 2231
Hi, I'm relatively new to Xero but can only see a way to store 1 client per customer contact in the system.
Since the latest update it appears that the quick find address function is no longer a feature when setting up a new contact.
CLUSTER 2234
Correct?What do I do about all the intangible/soft costs incurred to setup the business?
The problem potentially is that it links to "quick books " for its invoicing etc.
Then you can cross reference purchase invoices to bank statement and into xero.
Entered timesheet and approved but it is not showing in Payrun to run the payment?
CLUSTER 2238
We are based in Australia, but have some business in the US, and have linked our US bank account to our Xero account.
Is it possible that we can have a default function as to which ones appear on our Practice Dashboard, e.g.
The only issue we have is when we get another garage bring us work with an order number.
CLUSTER 2243
Does anyone know how to run a P&L report that shows multi-months across the page and breaks out sales by tracking category down the page?
I am wanting to create an invoice for a client to get them to pay us for travel expenses we incurred on their behalf.As per the Xero guide, I have followed the following steps:1.
CLUSTER 2244
This can present big problems where clients go crazy and add all kinds of new (or multiple) accounts across the P&L and Balance sheet.
HiAs always I am late starting my accounts and thought I would try xero and get an accountant hooked in.I have entered all my bank and most of my entries, but I can only see back as far as the 9th Dec 2016.
Hi,Recently Xero has been very very slow at switching between companies, printing invoices, moving between tabs, clicking on buttons etc.I have noticed it happening more & more each month, over the last few months.. and in particular today and yesterday its crawling basically.
This all seemed to work fine and correctly reduced our liability in May and June until the &#163;2,000 was used up.Now I'm looking at the Year end and the P32 for the year doesn't have the right total as as the first period is just zero.
CLUSTER 2247
I tried a manual journal, but it did not decrease the book value, as the correct depreciation option would.
90% of the time due to the volume the batch does not balance to the total authorised.6.
CLUSTER 2249
What if I had a designer create an artwork that goes on an item that I sell, does the service of the designer go into direct expenses?
I did account for all my business transactions in ynab, the program I use for my personal budget.Thanks for the help!Alex
I also then require the invoices I have created to be automatically uploaded to xero to make my booker ping easier?
After using MYOB for 25+ years I have some reservations.At the moment I send out Orders to customers so that they can pay a deposit.
The Chinese characters can be included in the template, but when a pdf is generated, the characters display as a question mark within a box.
When I asked Xero Support for support, they asked me to upvote a three year old request for this functionality.
Hi,I am trying to enter some 'Spend Money' transactions to reconcile off my BAS payment to the ATO in July.
CLUSTER 2250
Give the invoiced party the opportunity to have their credit card automatically charged when the recurring invoice is created each month, week, etc.
I have a manufacturer who is seeking a Xero Add-on that will allow the use of multiple items to create a new item, with purchase orders and production orders.
CLUSTER 2251
Scenario:An employee paid for $1000 credit (prepayment) with a supplier using his credit card and had put in an expense claim for it.I can process the expense claim but how do I then attribute the $1000 as a prepayment to the supplier?regards,Boon
Also I would like to have the ability to manually input the actual bank balance at month end as this does not feed through from my bank account (and those accounts without feeds are not reconciled at all until the data marked as reconciled equals the bank statement!
Or even edit one at a time but go to the next purchase from the current purchase, as it appears I have to keep going back to purchases > paid > finding the ideam (which is quite a long process to keep repeating?ThanksBarney
I am desperate for a responce to the 24/7 mail support you offered, but some 36 hours later im still waiting and a simple call would put a flea up someones ass to get it moving.
CLUSTER 2258
Also  from what I understand – purchases will pop up (after the money is deducted from either my PayPal or Business Bank Acct) and then I will reconcile by adding in purchases in the money going out via a payable invoice.Now I think I have just got my head around “Expense claims”.
I understand that this is probably done this way to ensure the integrity of BAS's lodged but as fully trained accountants who know what they are doing are generally using the Partner Edition it makes sense to allow this change in the Partner Edition.Thanks
I've noticed that in some cases no Cost of Goods is deducted at all for a Sale, and in other cases, I can see that Xero acknowledges there has been a sale and enters a value for the first line of the order (the first item) in Cost of Goods Sold, but then ignores every other line on the order.
When you reconcile manually you need an unreconcile button.I think a more equitable solution would have been just to add the “remove & redo” button to the existing buttons.Hope to hear from Xero soon on how they plan to approach this as my work day has been effectively stalled.
We have found the transition to be extremely smooth due to all the help and support provided by Unleashed dealing with Rogan the team member from Unleashed we have been able to answer and provide help with multiple questions to enable us to become trained and educated on Unleashed  in a very short time frame.
CLUSTER 2260
Do you know how and what is the "INTERNAL REFERENCE NUMBER" that is required so that we could make payments (Direct Payments/BPay) especially for the batch payment ones?
Hi Xero,Please advise why we cannot drill down on the balances of the UNREALIZED GAIN and why this is UNREALIZED GAIN when the balances are already 0.See link:
The current "money coming in" chart on the sales dashboard only shows one month in advance (labelled "future") but goes back four months in the past.
Wondering if you could have the invoices that are charged by Xero available in the online xero Partner login...having them emailed can be a nuisance if email changed or email not functioning correctly.
For example paying off 20 invoices for a supplier, but then the amount comes through in 2 parts on the bank statement, there is no way to reconcile doing it this way.
although in account transactions it says all lines have been reconcilled, when i printed out a statement exceptions report, the majority of entries say "no" in the reconciled column  ???
Right now, I go to to profit and loss report, and I am able to filter expenses for a project using the drop down that is filled by tracking categories.
I have set up xero payroll, and set the employees hours, ni, rate of pay.As the employee is a family member related to the business, they are paid when they can be, how do i show this?
CLUSTER 2263
I am trying to get it to display the same as my invoice date (09 Sept 2013).
Our client now wants to see the photos of all the receipts (fair enough!)4.
CLUSTER 2264
This way, you could get an invoice, pay it, scan the QR code and chuck the bill in the bin.
That way I'll be able to reconcile them easily, rather than having to hunt for them by using the Find & Match tool.If a bank rule can do this, that would be great.
CLUSTER 2268
Hi everyone,Insurance issued a cheque payment deposited in to bank account ( bank feed to Xero directly) for a motor vehicle written off caused by accident.Could anyone tell me how to enter it into Xero?What are the relevant accounts I need to set up?
However, I have noticed that there does not appear to be a way of adjusting the VAT amount for a receipt (although this can be done elsewhere in Xero).If an employee inputs a receipt with 20% VAT, but some of the receipt was zero-rated, are they going to have to split the receipt and enter it in 2 parts?
When entering the import duty invoice, the GST amount is getting 'grossed up' in the BAS to go into the purchases area.However - the items that relate to the above freight invoice come on a separate invoice, and would be GST Free.
They appear to be due to rounding as there are no back dated or unfiled transactions.I accept that I need to manually increase the BAS fields for these amounts where appropriate.I'm having difficulty in understanding how to record in Xero that I have taken up these unfiled amounts.
However if in replying the recipient instead chooses to forward/copy the source address, replies can end up getting sent into the abyss at "messaging-service@post.xero.com"The original sender is then blissfully unaware that a reply has been sent.
), how do I prevent these from looking like double payments and throwing out my statement balance?I have tried removing and deleting the sum that comes from the bank feed (and that throws out the balance) and I have tried deleting the sums that come from my confirming of the invoice paid but that then shows my invoices as unpaid.
We do not use the API because 0CPAs is going where Xero has never gone before (and has no plans to go).Automatic OK:Xero can automatically assign imported entries to accounts in the chart of accounts, which can save you a fortune in time.
at their anniversary on 8th Sept 2016).However this has not happened; they have a very positive Holiday Pay balance, but still no extra annual leave hours applied.The next pay run is at the end of the month, so wondering if the Holiday Pay > Annual Leave allocation occurs automatically at this next payrun, rather than on the employee's anniversary date?Is that correct, or am I missing something / doing something wrong?Thanks in advanceRob
CLUSTER 2273
The bank statement that was balanced when I sent it over is now off by a little over $5K.
Its unfortunate this notification only comes up when the invoice is open for editing.
CLUSTER 2276
Unless we update the due date the old invoice does not appear on this schedule (and then misses the approval process and does not get paid)
Would I need to do something similar but create a leave application with -# hours to re-credit before hand and then zero out the accruals?
CLUSTER 2281
Dear Xero,I think it would be great if you could add Payroll as an option to the GST Cashbook option for those businesses that don't need debtors or creditors but still need payroll (when the Starter Option is too limited).Best regards,Ralph-Peter
Since switching, when our customers pay online via the Pay Now button, their invoice is automatically marked as paid - which I am sure happened when we were with DPS - however, I now can't reconcile the payment through the Find & Match, as it has already been marked Paid.
the system says its updated, but not, then i get a message appearing saying, 'problem connecting'.in total i have wasted approximately 1 week of my life because of the faults of the system, backed up by less than mediocre support.i wonder if there are alternative products where there is a decent response time, and staff who have a little nouse about themselves, whom will check that the solution they are giving will actually work for the customer.
CLUSTER 2284
AGH So I attempted to create an off-cycle pay run, but it wont let me do that because the "Employee" has an unprocessed timesheet!
This problem is exacerbated by the fact that a Contact page has no link to a report of all financial transactions with that Contact (see  and ).
CLUSTER 2286
all the debit/credit card money received from 00s of small businesses is grouped together in any one withdrawal and b.)
Please note that my priority is to record these entries (about 200) correctly, the time that it will take me is not important to me, as long as it is entered correctly, I will be happy - Cheers
CLUSTER 2287
I am trying to allocate a payment to an invoice whilst using the iphone application.
I am now trying to reconcile the transactions in my dashboard, and am unsure which account dropdown to use.
I had originally put the PAYE against the "PAYE Payable" account, but that's a Liability account.
We need to re-format the payment summaries so that the address part is in a better spot.
Where does the Square fee go in Xero and what account would it be deducted from?THANKS!
This means that whilst the whole year amount would be the same, each month is incorrect.
Xero invoice shows as paid, but no payments are showing in my Stripe account.
CLUSTER 2289
I see the option to "Add New Account"... Do I just need to create a new account for each of the above, and give each a unique Code, and Xero does the rest??
Can you please allow all employees with the basic payroll employee permission level to also have access to submitting their own expense reports?Thanks
I am after an add on that links to xero, which can deal with the second hand car margin scheme?Any help would be much appreciated.
I have Xero but need to integrate my website with Xero for the simplest smoothest sleekest easiest way to sync my business and accounting system.
CLUSTER 2291
Both businesses are sole proprietorship under 1 EIN.
However, we can't find a field to fill in this data.
CLUSTER 2295
It's relatively easy to understand why this imbalance comes about but clients find it hard to accept that the accounting systems do not churn out a balanced TB..
I would not consider this item to have any residual value to anyone other than my client's business, but would expect the sign to last for several years.
Or do I just setup 1 rule to the same account and that's all?2) I get charged bank fees and sometimes the bank waves this fee.
My workflow is as follows: When a sales order is received, I mark the Quote as Accepted and copy the Quote to a Purchase Order, which I edit and send to my supplier.
The Loan is listed as an asset account, so, when adding the deduction, we cannot see that account to list it as an offset (It only lets you select a liability account).
I don't want this pay item to be accrued, it's just something that is being given to them.I was reviewing the settings in Xero and the time off items seem to require a selection for accrual.
But on the payslip it added the hours worked and hours taken on holiday together to generated the holiday hours Accrued that month, which is incorrect?
CLUSTER 2296
When putting details such as shareholdings etc in to report fields, it is impossible to get the information in to nicely defined columns.
Under Expense Claims, "Total of current claims" represents the dollar amount of receipts that have been input but not yet submitted for approval.
CLUSTER 2297
So I buy a lot of inventory on eBay which requires me to make the payment before I receive the items.
However, the problem is that in banking view you cannot see which account the transactions have been coded to.
It would be great to be able to set up a Placeholder for our company logo so we can include it on emails.
At the moment, each time I create an invoice, I have to manually add the same file from the File Library.
But, they are still tempted to code the item direct from Dashboard again, instead of matching to invoice.
CLUSTER 2299
All Australian governments (Commonwealth, state and territory) have agreed to accept NSCOA when requesting information from not-for-profits.
I am told they paid the super last year from a bank account that does not exist on Xero.
CLUSTER 2301
The accountant has given me long winded instructions for this which I don't really understand (involving creating a spreadsheet analysis first, then detailed journals).
When a bank feed is activated it would be useful to receive a message when the first transaction for each account is received via the feed.
Currently the invoice number shows on the reference field for us but the supplier is the one that needs to see it on their statement to allocate the invoice in their system.
When you have people paying in bulk, would be great to have a similar feature to payables...  To be able to schedule invoice payment dates.
Is that possible to have employees automate showing in the every pay calender, then we tick the right one instead of going each individually.
I have found where to amend the conversion balance however the Historical balancing account is locked and won't appear when I am trying to amend the balance.
I get an email first to advise of the requests, but when you go into Xero you have to go into each employee to check what leave requests are pending.
I have a client wanting an add-on to Xero that allows the entry of timesheets once, using that data to then flow into job costing and at same time into payroll.
CLUSTER 2302
At the moment, the Account Transactions report will not show the opening and closing balances for any 'Group by' option other than 'Account'.If I search for my WIP in 'All Reports'  I can find the opening and closing for my WIP categories but only individually.
2) If for programming and accounting reasons this proved to be very difficult (as I can understand that there may be issues with anything that causes automatic changes like this) then as a second choice, if a tick box or equivalent could be put on the Bill or invoice to indicate that the "incorrect" exchange rate is being used would be useful.
CLUSTER 2303
But at the bottom is a note about the invoice.I made a screencast of this problemhttp://youtu.be/jIc1bSD8KSII wonder if anyone can tell me what I am doing wrong?
Please add a feature onto the Chart of Accounts where all bankrules related to that particular account can be viewed and edited.
The lady working before me had allocated over payment from customer and now I would like to apply that over payment for existing invoices, which are siting as outstanding for the same amount.
I have loaded the account number when known against the supplier record (often this is not included on supplier invoices and statements though).Thanks
When I uploaded the opening balances it created matching debit and credit entries for them, leaving the account balance at zero.Is that right?
I can't get my head around how an employee will choose from either midweek rate or weekend rate or manager rate if i can't allocate it to their profile.
CLUSTER 2305
I want to be able to allocate these expenses to a chart of account but there doesn't seem to be anything set up in Xero for donations.
Her Merchant Services provider deposits into her bank account daily, but lumps the deposits into Visa, Mastercard, and debit.
When I reconcile the main current account, I enter the details of what those transactions are, but then those transactions are still sitting in the credit card account.
I would rather ditch the spreadsheet and just use an on-line tool which feeds directly to Xero.Thanks for you help.
This is a very time consuming process: you have to click on the item, mark it as reconciled when the item window comes up, and then reload your list.
I then have to go one by one to do this which is very time consuming, we should be able to select the transactions we want by ticking them and assign them to a tracker.
When attempting to access Bank Transactions on 'Adviser' account, page has timed out and displayed Error 500.
so when you add a new employee you need to tick a box indicating which of the available approvers are responsible for this employee.Thanks
CLUSTER 2309
Making changes to the invoice via word is not set out in any video I have found on the internet in a manner that teaches a beginner.
Why does the refund amount shown in my GST Return not match the balance sheet GST amount under current liabilities?Thanks,Tim
CLUSTER 2310
How do I add a non-current liability for owner contributions used to pay for this inventory?
Hi,Any body knows how to record a payment via credit card against any bill.
There are many other potential classifications which might be useful such as region, person responsible etc.
I have Receipt Bank but am finding it extremely clunky and feel that I am entering data twice all over the place.
The customer does not send a remittanceWhen we go to their account  we can’t seem to work out what invoices they are paying.
When a Name or Town is entered and accidentally entered in the incorrect case e.g.
CLUSTER 2313
We purchase in GBP and sell in USD which leads us to hedge our currency with a currency brokerage.We would like to input the rate at which we hedge the currency as the currency rate on the payment.
But I can't seem to to create a transaction that descreases one bank account and increases another without doing a transfer, but then the asset and income accounts are not recorded.Anyone else have a good way to do this?
I have a director's loan account setup by my accountant for when i draw money from the business.But i had been putting money into the company via the default 'Owner A funds introduced' account.What's the best practice?
I have a bill entered in Xero, eg INV0052 - Meat Supplier - £50.If this was paid via the bank, when I reconcile the statement, I can match it against the bill and all is good.What do I do if it was paid cash on delivery?
It is most commonly used in the ‘not-for-profit’ sector, including charities.from: https://www.acnc.gov.au/ACNC/Manage/Reporting/NSCOA/ACNC/Report/ChartofAccounts2.aspx
Good day allI am getting to grips with Xero and love a lot of the features - I keep the books for our Engineering company.Our waste metal gets bagged up and taken for scrap.
I would like to be able to tell Xero to add my  (PDF File) to every single At the moment I am adding the file to xero and then adding it to the invoice and people can only see it when they click the .
When i record the entry, the Accounts Payable listing does not show yet all the other liability accounts do.Your help to resolve this issue would be greatly appreciated.Thank you.Sincerely,Michael A. Mota
Why we don't have this essential functionality?The workaround is to have separate Branding Templates with and without this wording, but really it should come up automatically when we choose VAT code: Zero Rated EC Services.Can you do this please?
This would be a great feature to have within Xero, at the moment the only way to do this is by opening multiple browser windows, which is cumbersome.This feature has also recently been added to the QB online softwareThanksAndrew
28th / 29th / 30th or 31stThis can then be used as follows "1st (Month Year+2) to (EOM+4) (Month Year+4)Or whatever is practical to get the same result.
Hi,Just as you can in WorkFlow Max, i would like the ability to be able to download the quote as a WORD document before sending to make any adjustments to the template, add in extra information etc.
We would like to reconcile our sales against our bankings and petty cash weekly without having to use Excel and get our petty cash accounts back to our float amount each week.
It could be easily remedied by simply adding the credit card number to each transaction so you can identify which transaction relates to which credit card and the submission of the monthly statements and expense receipts.
Our Annual Accounts are in the audit process and the Auditor asked me for a Trial Balance which shows the opening balances for Balance Sheet items so that he could verify the balances in the accounts being audited.
The reason for this is that we run our firm accounts through Xero and the Subscriber has access to these accounts.Are any other firms having these issues?My suggestion is to allow payroll setup by any employee in the accounting firm rather than just subscriber.
(Our accountant informed us that the scholarship needs to be recognized as expense in full when notice is provided to recipient)The student receives a tuition invoice with the following items for the first trimester.
This doesn't help with emailing the invoice to my customer - I don't ever post invoices as it delays customer payments too much.When I click "Email" is goes to the Send Invoice pop-up and then nothing.What is going on?
I have tried all the suggestions in the linked help article here: https://help.xero.com/Troubleshoot-Error500I am using the latest Firefox, Chrome, and even the iOS and Android apps.
In addition to this, I am trying to reconcile Xero and the bank statement but I can't because one of the transactions in Xero (which has been imported directly from the bank account) is inaccurate (wrong amount), so i can't reconcile because Xero is wrong!
Hi allNewish user here and my google-fu has failed me completely - at present Xero dumps all my printed invoices into my downloads directory and I'd like to save them somewhere sensible by default.
I wanted to update the columns which did and saved as my new template but now every time I go to the report it only shows those settings including the date which I saved the template and filtered for the customer that I was looking at.
I am trying to reconcile my sales invoices against transactions in PayPal, but when trying to reconcile in my PayPal account I am unable to find the matching invoice.Our sale recipients are downloaded directly into Xero.
I don't want to recommend a product just because it is the "cool kid on the block".I think the intention here would be to run Odoo locally, so the local vs cloud is one issue, but not a massive winner for them.
This type of charge will at  some point either fall off and never actually go through or it will change to a different value once the final charge amount has been determined.The problem is Xero is downloading these transactions.
But I am not sure what I really should do after the budget has been set up?I know there is a budget variance report but I need to know what I should do after the budget has been set up?For example, do I re visit the budget each month and well, do what?Feeling dimThanks
Some get them to code directly from the bank rec (without loading a creditors invoice), whilst others choose to have all of the accounts payable invoices loaded and then matched in the bank rec.
I have a new Xero user (who has previously maintained manual records) and is a cafe owner, they allow the staff to ring up their staff lunch values which appears on the 'Z' reading for the day.
If I try to delete one it warns that there are jobs attached to transactions so it will be archived.When in the emoployee file I used the dropdown for the Employee Grouping and it does not give a list of either tracking catagoties.
When I go to the Payroll tab, there is a calendar that shows pay run dates, but it doesn't say how much will be paid.Additionally nowhere it shows whether the pay run will run automatically...
But what happens to that check number when the pay run is paid with direct deposit?When using direct deposit should I manually delete the check number prior to saving the pay run?
Therefore Xero knows the employee is entitled to bank holiday pay for that day.Our employees are setup on weekly pay with regular hours of 42.5 per week.
When I go to "Add Salary & Wages", I should be able to set the "Regular Earnings Type", but it only shows "Regular Hours", yet on the Xero tutorial video, it showed "Standard", which is what I need.
OR If the employee is  eligible for relief this is what Xero deductsIf the employee is eligible for relief Xero still deducts 1% and NEST reclaims the tax or does Xero somehow adjust the deductible.
is this what HMRC expect and should I be sending them something else that covers the first period?The Employers NI doesn't seem to feature on P11 or P60 so assume thaose aren't affected.Thanks for any adviceMike
Do I need to move them manually?It's incredibly frustrating that:1)  There is no obvious choice to help with this on the "Options" button in the Pay Run screen;2) This is not covered in the training videos.Jon  :((
In dollars this is $28 per hour at 8 hours=$224 •	This accrual occurs when 8% of Employee X's gross earnings is over $224•	In the pay of 18/12 this was not the case.
If I tick the box 'include leave available to take in advance' it seems to give a balance of hours that does not match the holiday pay monetary amount owing.Help please!
HelloJust wanting to know if anyone else is experiencing difficulty approving a time sheet?It seems to take forever to approve, and more often it doesn't, just finally comes up with a message "are you still there"!
I create invoices quarterly for a flat rate of water usage, but we just installed water meters on all homes on the system, which means we are moving from a flat rate to actual water usage.
They also had the cheek to tell me that I needed to get a new computer in order to use the Digita company secretarial software as mine was too old hence the reason it kept freezing!!
Hi The company I work for currently uses Xero as its finance system, but as the size of the company has grown and the demands for management information has increased, it is becoming harder to rely on Xero.
Deputy (Roster/Scheduling app) integrates with Xero in NZ, Aus, UK and US - but when I asked them about Hong Kong, they said it wasn't available - and this was due to a problem on Xero's side.
My understanding is that you can create teams in Gusto, and map at the team level, but how detailed does it get?I'm interested in Gusto, but less so if it can't help us eliminate the manual labor of coding these transactions.
Hi everyone,I am having trouble with connecting Xero to Pipedrive using Zapier.The ZAP that will not work, for some reason, is the trigger back from Xero to let Pipedrive know when a invoice is paid.
This means the countries has different taxation and currency, then the Consolidated financial statement is having different reporting currency.Any suggestion, please especially for those who are currently using either "Spotlight" or "Fathom".
We are currently using Stripe as a payment service, but find that it doesn't provide a mechanism for doing part payments.Which means we must back out the invoice, and create separate ones for each customer that requests it.
The reason for this post is to make the community aware of some skills we have that seem to be somewhat unique in the Xero community and we want to make sure that if someone has a need for the expertise we can reach out and share.
"Mr Joe Charlie Bloggs"becomes "Mr Joe C"This makes the eway dashboard useless, there is plenty of info that  get passed through (invoice number for example.
I am trialing Xero today as I have heard a lot of very positive recommendations.I have managed to connect to my bank account but unfortunately the initial feed was incomplete despite me ticking the "all transactions" box.
Xero was initially responsive to our emails and assisted on numerous occasions to get it fixed, but nothing which was suggested via email or on our team viewer calls could solve the problem.
Any ideas, I am new so may be missing something here.Also I need to make some payroll payments from a couple of weeks ago but xero is only showing the current week to make payments.
CLUSTER 2318
HiCan someone help me with entering purchase orders, is there a function that allows the data in the "item" field that's linked to the inventory to be automatic copied across to the next field "description".for example stock item 1234 bolts appears in the drop down menu of item, the next column called "description" is blank and therefore you have to retype the word "bolts" into the description box.thanksDenise
I'm new to Xero and trying to determine the best way to enter foreign currency payments.When reconciling the bank account tx I don't see any option to change the currency in the create tab.So I'm assuming I need to first create a Bill for these tx's and then match the BillOr do I just enter a payment for the converted AUD amount that appears on the bank statementAppreciate any advice
We currently have to manually deduct the 4 monthly payment outstanding total balances from the Bills You Need To Pay total to get the real picture.I have had some response from Xero of a way to deal with this but it was very confusing and didn't allow for the VAT to be claimed in one payment at the purchase date.I understand Xero will only alter this if there are enough votes so please can others with the same problem let Xero know.
CLUSTER 2319
I've browsed through the 'help' section but can't find anything similar.
To do so I need to configure the pension auto-enrollment aspect.
CLUSTER 2322
My question is that these customers mostly just want the credit to stay on their account as they know they will get other work from us another time.
We entered it as is in the transfer money window.To make things more interesting, we are currently using JPY as our home/functional currency.
I tried issuing a credit note and reconciling it but had no luck as I could not search for the applicable credit note in the reconciliation process.
Currently once you process a Pay Run that includes the New Salary amount in it the old salary amount will disappear.
CLUSTER 2328
After the new accounts have been created I then plan to connect them up to Xero and manually reconcile all transactions up to that point as they will not be seen to exist on the new accounts.
With Xero the only way to advertise 'special offers' on the invoices seems to be to manually enter them to a 'new line' on each individual invoice which does not become available for printing until the day of the transaction.
CLUSTER 2331
We pay our accountant every month by direct debit, and so we process this as part of our bank reconciliation and it ends up as a 'Transaction: Spend Money'But occasionally we get an extra bill, which we add as a purchase invoice, and pay by Faster Payment when if falls due.What I find REALLY annoying is I can't see those different transactions together.I go to the 'Supplier Account' and I can see a lovely graph showing all the payments, but the only I can view are 'recent bills'.
Naturally, Xero sees the charge on our card as say AUD$14 when the store credit assigned is US$10, and I'm unsure how I can create a 'partial prepayment' or similar to pre-assign the 'missing' $4 towards the account, while retaining only $10 credit for the upcoming invoice, which would be handled only in USD.Attempting to handle the conversion fees on the invoice itself seems unnecessarily complicated, as there would be 2 or 3 different conversion rates from different pre-payments to partially calculate.My understanding is that even with a multi-currency plan (out of our budget) you can't handle multiple currencies in a prepayment anyway.
CLUSTER 2333
I would like to use the system to go back to April 2012 and start my full tax year which is due in a couple of months.
When I have reconciled a bank account, I would like to show a tick or a 'v' to indicate I have a voucher or receipt associated with that transaction, is this possible and how easy is it after the reconciliation has been done.
You seem to have many clients using this system and it may be very effective for accounting practices to maintain their cash flow when adding Xero clients.
I can't say the same for the payroll arm of the product.My question is, now that we have migrated away and integrated our new payroll with Xero's accounting, how do we close down Xero's payroll system?
CLUSTER 2339
Even after that, I would think it simple to have a list somewhere of leave requests due to be scheduled, rather than having to individually schedule employees leave from their employee page, then return to the Pay Run screen, only to have to shoot back off to the next employee taking leave's employee screen.
)I seem to have got around most of these issues, the timesheets one is a pain, they have to be completely filled in before going to the payrun page and I always have two on the go as I pay a week in hand so the one i want is always hidden - could get very confusing if you are not careful!I had four staff members come to me with letters from HMRC saying their tax codes had changed from the general 1150L to OTw1/m1.
She works 7.5 hours per day, 37.5 hours per week.We started with xero payroll form 1st August 2015.The employee is on base salary and commissions which varies each week.What do I input on her Holiday pay leave column as an opening balance?
CLUSTER 2343
Is it possible to add a feature to the files function that will allow a user to 'archive' files?e.g.
The credit card need Yoddle feeds and I cannot access the login in to start them.
CLUSTER 2345
I am autoimporting invoices from woocommerce with the Payee name and all other details.
Hi, I've just noticed that the 'Copy to' function has rolled out to my org.
I see so many great addons to Xero but so very very few of them I can afford.
CLUSTER 2350
If I do a manual journal and debit a/c 820 GST, does anyone know which account do I code the credit to?
One of our clients was trying to run a report which showed all of the invoices from a supplier with details of when and if they have been paid yet.
However, they can't print the batch deposit report unless we give them full banking rights as well, which we don't want to do.
But there are other needs.- Attach a copy of the warranty- Attach a photo of the thing (for insurance)- Attach PDF of the manual- ...
Does anyone know if we can export the Abtrac data in CSV format and import to Workflow Max?
CLUSTER 2352
This would be a great feature to implement; it would help identify which transactions are missing backup immediately and help speed up the process of attaching backup.
We want to give directors read only access to reports - but want to ensure the data they are accessing has all accruals applied and accuracy checked.
I know there are some really great add-ons but they are far more than most of them need.We just need a simple option in the Inventory Items to say "Inventory This Item".
So to reconcile to the receipts I put the £43 to the suspense account, assuming I could create a journal later.The next batch of expenses have been added to Xero.
However I put some old invoices from last year on the system and marked them as fully paid because I wanted to check I could use Xero (i.e.
Hi Folks,Just started with Xero Payroll for the April Salaries.I've just sat down to do the pensions and I've found that the "Pension Filling Report" does not show the Employer Contributions ....
CLUSTER 2354
If so I could have mentioned that we should book revenue as it is earned, with the debit to AR.
Customers are now paying these invoices 2-3 months afterwards.
It does not seem to be that complicated to require an add-on – but maybe it does?How do you deal with this scenario?
I began reconciling the payments but now realise these are in the wrong account and have been duplicated.
No mention of Ireland at all!The rest of the address that the customer inputs is all correct.
CLUSTER 2356
The find and recode feature is very useful for saving time when entire sections of the account need to be changed with one procedure like amending the account or tax.
Considering how often users need to log in to their accounts, and having seen Xero's refusal to add a 'remember me' functionality, can we at least propose having the last used email/username to be pre-filled in the account login?
CLUSTER 2357
this is the first time in 40 years that software has defeated me.
I am not taking away from the above being real requests and necessary, but seriously?
CLUSTER 2361
When it is simply a result of us taking awhile to reconcile the invoice with the payment.
The ability to attach Published Reports from Xero to the email that sends the return out for signing.
I see there is no where to enter a customer's PO number when they accept a quote and also when you invoice them.
It is astonishing that we do not have a very basic QuickBooks function: the ability to combine accounts in the Chart of Accounts.
I have a quote which has been accepted, I now want to invoice a 50% deposit and can't see the correct workflow for this?
"Xero only has the ability to see that it's been viewed, which populates when ANYONE opens it, so I don't have that level of information.
CLUSTER 2362
In our P&L this essentially shows as a £10k profit for the 2014-15 year, which is not the reality.
I would like to suggest that the Invoice Date is added to the available placeholders in the emailed invoice.
Allow me to elaborate:When I buy inventory, we give out samples and then move them to a "Samples" COGS account.
To me, in some instances it doesn't always seem clear cut when an transaction is a 'Spend Money' outgoing or a Bill!
I need to be able to do this with Xero, I don't want to spend hours creating journals for the sake of a few pence...
CLUSTER 2364
It seems like most programs tolerate spaces, but dislike dashes.So what I'd like is the option to remove the dash from the way phone numbers are displayed - not for appearance sake, but because it slows us down when we use the number for another app.If we could reimport the data and put the whole number into the number field, and not use the area field at all, that would work.
Where an invoice is set to be recurring, and the customer has previously set up a pre-auth with GoCardless, it would be great if the payments for future invoices could be collected automatically (kind of what Direct Debit is designed for really...)Given that the customer record and pre-auth exists in GoCardless already, it shouldn't involve too much work to send through future requests automatically, and then mark as paid when the GoCardless webhook fires...(Happy to provide consultancy for you on this if you need it ;) )
CLUSTER 2366
I started following the link, but what I read confused me.Can anyone shine some light on this for me?
We'd like to move over to using the new Barclays daily automated feed.
So when billing customers, they only see a description on the invoice and the Item Code is missing.
CLUSTER 2367
Can anyone point me in the direct of a report that shows the Customer invoices that have been paid in the qtr.I am used to sage and wondered if there was a similar report that I could run which shows me this so I can agree the figures on the VAT return are correct.
Although I am very impressed with all of the other areas Xero has on offer, the ability to track costs by job is a very major issue for me.Tracking of costs per job (or per customer) is a large part of how I forecast my budgets by month and quarter.
CLUSTER 2369
It would be great for the payroll administrator to be able to see when the leave request was sent through and to who the leave request was sent to for approval.
I'd like to be able to select 10 or 12 transactions and assign all of those transactions to a certain code/category at the same time.
CLUSTER 2373
With Xero, say I reconcile 100 transactions over the next month (for argument's sake) and then in the following month I decide that there is one item that I will, from now on, reconcile under a different/new account in the COA.
Just now its a bit of a click and search to find the Contact Xero Support button but it would be great to have this button appear on relevant pages and when clicked could capture the URL or context where the button was clicked.
For each transaction I edit I have to go to the transaction, go to the payment, undo the payment, return to the transaction, edit and save, apply the payment and return to the audit for the next transaction.
CLUSTER 2375
In Kenya alone, mpesa has more than 20million users, 14m of whom are active.
Easily doable by having an execution field that shows the order of execution.
CLUSTER 2379
I feel that the gst report has to much detail.Every line item on every invoice is listed making the Audit report very long, I feel that only one line per supplier / debtor invoice is necessary per GST type.
The new release looks like it has covered a lot of the things that were missing out of the first release.One thing that it still does not allow is the ability to change the font type and size of the report text.
I initially did the set up as advised with the start date aligning with a VAT period, in my case the 1st Jan 2014.My accountant was keen that instead begin on the year end date (1st Feb) with the starting balances extracted from the submitted accounts (because at that point he is happy all the accounts are correct).
Hi,I have lodged my payment summaries for my employees, and the ATO lodgement status is currently 'Accepted'.However, when creating a new pay run for timesheets entered for July, the employees are no longer listed - so I cannot choose to include them in the pay run.
CLUSTER 2382
However, is it for Directli to set up the Direct Debit Account in Xero from which we can import the Client Payments to us via GoCardless?when this is set up will Xero show us which invoices/clients have paid - and where can I see this?many thanks
I have seen some recommendations to use the Zero Rated EC Services code - we use this for EC sales, but surely this isn't correct for outside the EC (plus it would show in the EC sales list)?
this would then automatically apply the same tracking code to all transaction lines.this could even be extended to the contact screen, so that all transactions applied to a contact have a default tracking code?
New Reports are great for finding Invoice lists and grouping them by Contact, but I have large quantity of invoices and only want to see the invoices entered for one contact then I have to scroll through them all to get to the one I want.
My suggestion being a tick box to allocate full invoice against the credit and maybe top box to tick to allocate all invoices against credit - (similar to batch payments / deposits screen).
I needed to process a Garnishee order, I treated this as an after tax deduction, but the only account this can post to is 'Suspense' We need to be able to select an account - in this case I want to add a Liability Account to SDRO.
I would like to be able to produce a report that gives the cost of wages for a specific day to measure against the income for that day.I enter timesheets to pay items and tracking codes for all employees.
It looks like they paid the whole amound and they actually didnt.This shows online but im printing to send by post and it is causing many problems and confusion.
Hi, I am new to Xero and I have created and approved all time sheet for my employees however when I go into the pay run "fortnight ending 21st May" I cannot see anything!
I know that Harvest has a retainer invoice option, but it doesn't send those invoices to Xero, so I can't use that feature.What is the best way to accept deposits, track time, and then bill the time against those deposits?Thanks!
CLUSTER 2385
The basis for billing is as follows;- cubic meters occupied by his clients goods- the number of days the stock items (which belong to his client) have been in the warehouse- and the price per cubic meters for a day.Billing is done when his client picks their stock items from the warehouse.
Customer Bob has projects A and B) At the moment when the billable expenses come up to add to the sales invoice, we don't know if the expense was for project A or B.I also think that it's important you add a report to track billable expenses that have not yet been invoices out.
sales/costs/mnl journals/Assets...etc)Any tips?Thanks,Duncan************************************Update: the format of the data I want to upload into XERO is akin to that you get when you export data using the XERO format, the question is, how do I import a XERO data set back into XERO?
We didn't know this at the time so as far as eBay was concerned, there was no VAT.When reconciling the payment, if I list 20% VAT on the £8.01 that we got back from the sale, Xero says that £1.33 of the money is made up of VAT - this is incorrect.The item sold for £5.50 - the other £3 was for postage.
CLUSTER 2386
However, this message does not make sense for the following reason:1.
I reconciled all of my bank accounts before I sent the conversion file over to Xero.
I went to the demo company, hoping to show the client there, but it isn't on there either.
i have an employee who is over the age limit for super and now suddenly its telling me i have to pay them
CLUSTER 2388
Hi folksTearing my hair out here.A while ago when I took over the accounts it was noticed that transactions that had been entered using the create function should have been allocated to invoices.
I'm sure it's pretty obvious but wondered if anyone could help?I've completed my Australian quarterly BAS statement and made the payment to the A.T.O.
In Brazil, there are numerous Revenue based taxes which the invoicing company must pay - similar to a sales tax but the customer doesn't pay for it.
The company pays rent on a weekly basis, but I do not see an option for Xero to post a repeating transaction via petty cash.
But now i want to create another xero account and want all the transactions shifted to the new one without manually entering them again.
A receipt from a food outlet/cafe from a staff member who is on a day sales trip to say the Sunshine Coast when they reside/work in Brisbane7.
I read on Xero that employees would be able to request time off through dedicated smartphone apps, when is this coming as I don't see a facility for this yet?
There are about 100 of them - why do I have to credit these out when they are marked as paid?I also put the invoices on Xero from last financial year that are still outstanding but I don't think I needed to do this?
I can see from the overview screen the pending leave requests, but I want to know who to chase up that hasn't yet approved the leave.Any way to do that easily ?CheersStacey
There two plans are different in other ways, but I don't know if it matters for the purposes of payroll.Should I use the SIMPLE IRA category, or do something else?
CLUSTER 2392
I have just noticed  that all of my invoices that were sitting waiting for approval by management are back in 'DRAFTS' and all the information I manually entered has been deleted, it is back to its original form when it was first pushed over from Zoho, all my work completed over the last week has been reversed....Any thoughts?
I enter about 6000 invoices each financial year, that's why efficiency is the most important thing for me.Why do I have to enter a Total amount ?But this amount is not immediately put into the Unit Price, instead I have to enter it again at the Unit Price Field.
CLUSTER 2393
We have received our End of Year Adjustments from our Accountant and have been trying to do a manual journal for these as we have done in the past but for some reason Xero is not allowing us to save this journal in Draft format for review.
It would be great if when a new asset is introduced to Xero via manual journal it could automatically show in the "Draft" area of the Fixed Assets module, as it does with bank purchases.
entered an employee to accrue holiday pay but they want it paid out in their weekly wage, please advise how to amend the first pay and adjust his details to automatically do it in the futureThanks
Which one, please?Also understand all VAT goes to a single account but we also need to separate the tax owning "to" and "from" the tax authority to two individual accounts for inspection/audit.
CLUSTER 2395
I want to be able to view or have a reminder appear when someone's anniversary happens.How do I do this?
Currently you can only set one default theme per contact, and this applies to both.
Liberis provide access to the funding your business needs to grow.
CLUSTER 2398
Firstly is there any way to invoice customer with the overall cost (installation fee) but allocate to parts of the install to inventory lines (ie radios, routers etc) so my inventory can stay accurate?Secondly whats the best way to correct the ongoing error of inventory being purchased but not sold in xero?ThanksJock
I don't understand what add-ons I need to stitch together to get something working.Basically, the way I pictured it, was that I could use Unleashed as inventory system, then I could just add items to tasks in WorkflowMax as a cost that would be visible when I raise the invoice, but no, there's no integration between Unleashed and WorkflowMax.
** And when you add a new contact you can’t tell which business names are on the Xero Directory and which are already in your contact list So it is easy to duplicate contacts / create similar names etc 99.9% of the businesses on it we do not and never will deal with - and I can’t get rid of them - they are in our look up lists forever it seems.
It would be great to have the option to make tracking category's compulsory or have a warning 'pop up' that one is required when coding to the P&L.We run tracking categories for multiple locations and its very easy to miss this field.If this is not possible as a general setting perhaps it could be added at an account level.
I understand the rationale for the long length of the xero.inbox.ridiculously-long-code@xerofiles.com email address but it would be good to have a shorter version.Why?My Dell MFP allows scan to email but the Inbox email format is so long that it rejects adding it to its address book.Is there a way to change it or a workaround?
Simply running the AR and AP reports as at the end of the reporting period and then just dividing by 11 to get the GST component is problematic, particularly when some of the outstanding balances are made up of a mixed supply (ie: GST Exempt, No GST, GST on Purchases/Sales, etc).
Hi All,I have some contractors working for me for $x.x per hour including super.When I add them into xero and setting up their pay template do i put the full amount per hour or do I subtract the super amout.so say I am paying them $25 per hour including super, do I put their pay template hourly rate as:$25 or$22.63 (which is excluding their Super)
Our previous payroll calculated Student Loan payments after taking off the Childcare and Cycle to Work payments, I've searched and that approach seems correct.Is there something I can change in Xero payroll so that Student Loans are not calculated based on the full gross pay in these cases?
CLUSTER 2405
!Therefore when I choose 'match' against either of the statement lines, I can see the transaction, but cannot proceed.
Then they could immediately understand what they owed us, not have to look through their statements and past payments all the time.
To add a check box for customer's phone number to the Receivable invoice summary report.
This bug only manifests itself if you've had to credit off some of the invoice or receive a partial payment (before receiving payment in full).
In the Chart of Accounts could those payments which have still not been paid yet be tagged so that you know this is the case?
However, the money is paid not to each credit card, but as a single transaction to a separate account.
CLUSTER 2411
In doing this, Xero keeps giving me an error saying that my credentials are incorrect although they are not.
I need the ability to add quantities to inventory imports of new stock.
An employee who doesn't know how to use Xero has emailed me some receipts paid with his own funds.
CLUSTER 2412
You pay for things like a normal credit card however it doesn't have an account number of it's own and it's difficult for ReceiptBank or anything to really understand it's statements.
Her son is her alternate address/contact and I am unable to enter any of his details because -  Additional people cannot be added when the primary person has no email address set.
This will give a complete over view of what is still outstanding with due dates and what has been paid & when, it will also save going into each bill individually to check when it was paid.
I want to delete them all and resync them back with the correct code but the awaiting payment status screen doesn't allow you to do a "delete all selected" like you can with those in draft status.Any ideas how to delete them all?
It's happened many times and causes me lots of time.In short information stored in my incomes is not the same as the bank statement - even when correctly inputted.
A client of mine has been using the new discount feature on sales invoices which is a really handy feature, the problem is that the discount does not appear in the standard .docx template.
Hello,Is there any way to modify or revert back to the old payslip design/format.I'm sorry, but the new standard format released today is a step backward.
CLUSTER 2414
This makes it hard because you have to manually clean the data, if you want to end up with a sheet that only has one row per invoice.Xero, please update this so we can export all sales/invoice data, but with each invoice on only a single row.
What I asked is will Xero *fully* support them?The fact that Brittanny has dodged the question and has also deleted my post from yesterday for a completely spurious reason, only goes to confirm my suspicions that the Yodlee Natwest feed will not be supported in future.
CLUSTER 2426
Should I keep trying?Also, when I look at my balance sheet, the credit card is listed under Liabilities as a negative number.
I have reconciled the payment with my bank account and put it in the prepayment account but how do I then deduct money from that account so I can then mark it as an expense?Cheers
When you have a lot of low value bank transactions over a short period of time it would be great to show just unreconciled transactions.Thanks!
I need to clear down all of the test and demo data that we have in the system at the moment so that we can make a clean start with the accounts for the new year.
CLUSTER 2427
Should i re-reconcile the 'Owner a funds introduced' transactions and put them as payments into the 'director's loan account' so that evens up?I've had conflicting advice and have ended up doing it both ways.
What is the best way to clear unpaid invoices and track the losses/debts ?I've found info on this but it all seems to be for accrual accounting.thanks!
Hello thereWe are paying wages tonight for the 2011-2012 year but the wages are dated 3 July 2012.
My question is: i want to post a reversing journal over the year end to take the amount out of (then back into) sales, what's the procedure (and am I doing the right thing)?
We do have Authorize.net setup and can accept payments through their terminal but I assume this would not communicate the payment back to Xero to pay the invoice, correct?
CLUSTER 2428
Please offer PGP encryption for secure email submission so only the intended recipient can view the sensitive information in a filled form.I searched high and low for 'bankfeeds@xero.com' but found no public key on the following keyservers: pool.sks-keyservers.net, keys.gnupg.net and pgp.mit.edu.
Here are some:- transaction reference numbers all showing as 000000000000- bank statement dates overlapping (and hence creating multiple entries)- credit card feed often dropping out and requiring refreshing nearly every other day.- the xero 'matching' between statement and xero entries has stopped- entries no longer trigger previously working bank rulesXero Support said they are aware of the issue, but offered no strategies, solutions or time line for resolution.
CLUSTER 2429
I would like to be able to go to the amounts receivable and select customer groups to print directly from xero showing the account name and number, amount owing and for how long they have owed.
New to Xero this month, loving some parts of it bank reconcilations & web based.However we are an electrical company using SimPRO as our job costing package but it doesn't handle payment of the the supplier invoices which is fine.
CLUSTER 2430
just to have it sitting there to pick up when ever it is needed, as a time saving exercise.
This prompted our customer in thinking that their amount was overdue which was not the case, just a summary of her account.
have a few questions here: - 1 - Placed a cheque payment, realised it was an error so I reversed it.
I can't seem to find any information on this so any help would be greatly appreciated.Thanks.
My inventory list states I have 1880 item numbers - 1550 are Duplicates.
CLUSTER 2433
So when a customer make a sale and pay with that credit, how then do we receive a payment for that invoice in xero?We have tried using Discount on the invoice page but because it only works in percentage, it couldn't get the total to the correct amount.
I was going to use:Purchase VAT @ 23% not for resalePurchase VAT @23% for resaleSales VAT @ 23%Exempt VAT @0%And then repeat for Originating outside the EU for things like Xero.Does that sound right?Janine
It would be really great if we had more control over user access and were able to choose draft only for purchases only, sales only or both.We have staff that we want draft only access for but they do not require access to sales data.
The first available number is chosen automatically.... That would not be so bad if one could simply CHANGE the CHECK NUMBER, however, this simple feature is entirely lacking.
We use the readonly user for training new people in our company to be able to view and follow  XERO online for a couple of months before giving them a WRITE access to XERO.
Has anyone used Xero to pay staff under EBA's?We have our staff under two different EBA's and each attracts "Employer" expenses but I can't see anywhere where this can be added in Xero and then applied to specific employees only.
We have tested Xero’s payroll in July 2015 but stopped using it since them.Now we want to start using it again from the most recent month.We found that we cannot edit opening balance.
On doing my reconciliations I have stumbled across an automatic Payroll Expense Journal for Employment Allowance that makes no sense to me..It was posted by Xero on the first pay day of this tax year and does not correspond to any figures on the P32 summary.
CLUSTER 2440
Also, I will have to take a mortgage when I’m ready to buy.
I'm trying to reconcile these items but I'm a bit confused on how to do this.
Realistically, the only account that should be off limits is Retained Earnings.
CLUSTER 2441
Quick question, is Xero planning to update their depreciation module to accommodate using SBE Pools for Australian clients?I've seen other posts where accountants would like to depreciate 100% in one year, and the work arounds don't really work for SBE depreciation.
At The Moment We can add the receipt to an Outstanding Invoice Either from Bank or from Equity.We give our invoices to Invoice financing Companies and we need allocate the receipts from the "Invoice Financing Company" which Shows as a Current Liability in our books
The ability to apply an expense directly to a client for reimbursement (such as is already being done via Accounts Payable) but via cash coding from the dashboard so that expenses such as those charged onto a business creditcard can be applied to a future client invoice.
Can we please have the ability to select an individual recipient for a given 'Contact' when composing a document so that each document is correctly addressed?Also, on the subject of multiple e-mail addresses, deleting unwanted ones when composing an e-mail  is extremely cumbersome.
Which brings me to my question, when creating a new earnings line there are 3 questions at the bottom (two I know the answer YES to Super and NO to PAYG), but the 3rd one:Reportable as W1 on Activity Statement - do I tick this or not?Does anyone know the answer?Thanks Wendy
?No workarounds - but just works in multi-currency.Manufacturing products in AUD, USD or RMB and selling in local currency AUD like a lot of business it seems strange Workflow doesn't integrate the multi-currency properly.
CLUSTER 2451
Hello,I have just moved a business over to xero and the bank statement balance hasn't been picked up with the bank feed so it is picking up the transactions but isn't picking up the balance as well.Is there anyway I can get it to pick it up or will I need to put through a spend/receive money transaction?Thanks,Tom
We have a staff member who has been with the company 7 years  and would like to setup long service leave in Zero for this employee and transfer over into zero her current long service leave balance as she is now entitled to pro-rata.
CLUSTER 2454
USD, etc).The issue we have is that we sell in currencies which we don't have foreign currencies for (e.g.
All monies collected are then passed to two local charities, we do not receive any profit for this either.
The filters only appear if there are no columns, but when I edit the layout to add them, the filter disappears.
This is the 2nd month in a row that the last day of the months bank feed has not happen.
When posting the payroll the date it is posted to the GL shows as the payment date.
However we export them to xero before we print them and this means that everything appears on the invoice and we have no control.
CLUSTER 2457
I want to run a budget variance against selected classes and am having a hard time doing this.
Hi all,I am in the process of completing our PAYG payment summary for 12/13.
Bank feeds are fantastic but I have a problem with Bank Recs when clients process.
CLUSTER 2459
The 'Files' functionality does not currently work with IE11.
In the Reports menu, select All Reports.2.
CLUSTER 2461
I need to be able to track the deductions by type as well.
Can you please let us know how to unarchive these accounts?
Does Xero just use the invoice amount when making a suggestion here?
This problem appears to apply to the entities with conversion balances.
Is this something that could be added to the Trial Balance report?
How do you solve this as there doesn't seem to be an option to change tax forms?
CLUSTER 2465
But the top approach will work from the POS if it's one of the ways to tackle petty cash.Thanks
Sometimes the contact name that you want to keep does not match the name you wish to keep in the payee section.
Now you have to go to 'view details' which could be easily solved by simply being able to drag the attachment to the transaction.
If I have 'Show Spent' selected I can see the processing fees when I search by the invoice number, but not the original invoice.
Everything works the way I want it to but when a PDF is attached to the email it is still named “InvoiceXXX.pdf”.
The Xero generated Pay run bill does not reconcile to the associated unscheduled pay run.
Hi, we have a new employee with National Insurance category B but cant find the option in the payroll settings.
I thought I'd done something wrong and when I went back to my expense items they were all showing as GST exclusive.
CLUSTER 2467
Hi.I've been using xero for a couple of years now, but am having a wierd problem after adding a new USD account (I have a multi currency account set with gbp as the main currency).
Even then they may repay some but not all deductions at the same time.It would make absolute sense for Xero to have the ability to post what is, effectively, customer debit notes and, ideally, to have the ability to report debit notes outstanding for credit/repayment.
They then accrue a further 1.3 wks for each completed year thereafter.As far as I can see, Xero does not automatically accrue the 13 wks on the 10 year anniversary and you cannot set up to accrue a further 1.3wls for each completed year on the anniversay.
ie is there a way of selecting which company it goes to when you are sending it from company B.From what I understand when you have companies linked under the same account you can’t use the Zero to Zero network as it’s the same Network Key for both which doesn’t work but I wondered how it affected it in the above scenario.
Xero's batch deposit feature seems well suited for check payments, but not for credit card payments where part of the payment "vanishes" due to processing fees.Is there a best practice here that I'm not using?
YES I KNOW USERS CAN MAKE MISTAKES, BUT WHEN MANY USERS FROM THE SAME BANKS MATCH THE SAME THING...You can make your feeds more intelligent over time.EXAMPLE: PAYPAL has many transaction fields and some of them are very useful if they could be put into the bank field.
CLUSTER 2471
To give a bit more information we are a small charity so we have an annual budget for the year which incorporates two tracking categories, one covering the amount our funder has given us to spend and the other is the amount we have agreed to contribute to delivering our agreed outcomes.
To give a bit more information we are a small charity so we have an annual budget for the year which incorporates two tracking categories, one covering the amount our funder has given us to spend and the other is the amount we have agreed to contribute to delivering our agreed outcomes.
CLUSTER 2473
I assign payments to sales using the relevant contact above depending on how payment was done.
Our organisation invoices customers tri-annually at set dates which are the same each financial year.
CLUSTER 2475
Can someone explain in a bit more detail what needs to be done please?
The credit card bill is paid from personal checking account.
I then formatted the balance sheet so that my "bank account" shows as equity.
When I open them in Chrome I get a grey screen and no rendering of the PDF.
CLUSTER 2478
Hi there,Could someone help please as we use Xero and Cin7 for our inventory.When customers pay a deposit amount on a proforma invoice from Cin7 we record in Xero that the customer has paid via "prepayment" money received and then when the proforma becomes a full invoice the document is sent from Cin7 to Xero, the prepayment amount is applied and the customer pays the remaining amount owing on the invoice.This works correctly however we invoice in two currencies, AUD and USD.How come I can't select receive money into the USD account and have the receive money type as "Prepayment" rather than direct or overpayment?If I don't use prepayment the amount paid by the customer won't display correctly in the sales list so that I can eventually apply the credit.Many thanks, Kate
The problem I am having is that when I get approached by potential new customers to provide them with Payroll services, Xero does not offer their Payroll software without using a bookkeeping package.Why I want this feature;I prefer to use Xero Payroll and don't want to confuse my employees, training them up on several different software packages.Within time these new customers may want me to supply them with bookkeeping and accounting services and they would already be set up on Xero, good to go.I use Xero HQ, Xero Workpapers and Xero Practice Manager, so everything would be under one roof.Thanks
CLUSTER 2479
Then when I go to reconcile my account the following months, transactions are appearing on the Reconciliation Report as unreconciled from previous months, where I know that they were reconciled.Is anyone else having this problem or is it just ME????
It would be great if the new Aged Payables rep didn't automatically populate with today's date but instead gave you the option to choose the date and all the report settings you want first off.
i am unable to login to xero again on any browserthe status doesnt have any issues reportedwhat is happening.this is the second time in 1 week this has happened.please advise
Hi, is it possible to run a report that lists all of the unreconciled transactions across all the bank accounts?I currently run a bank reconciliation for each account and then amalgamate them in Excel.
When I import the statement, and then I need to find matching invoice which is other currency, uncheck the box Show EUR items only, there is not that invoice, but when I go to see all invoices, I can find it.
At which point Xero worked out the hourly rate.However, I do not have her hours for this week, and do not require them.But when I change the hours to zero, it changes the pay to zero.Please help!
CLUSTER 2480
because that kind of ruins this whole automated Xero software.How do others handle this ?I have an accountant and their Xero manager will be setting everything up, but I already discussed this issue with them and they are looking into it, and I want to also do some research also as they have not come across this yet with any of their otehr clients who use Xero..Any thoughts ?
As an advisor it would be great to access a list of all our Xero organisations that are setup and using the auto super function.With superstream compliance, it would be good to touch base with our clients to remind them to process super and offer them assistance if they need it.
Sometimes the branch may have a zero balance due but return unsold goods but another branch owes money so the Mother company gives the credit to that branch - how can we apply a credit to a different branch despite it being raised for the original issuing branch?
Also, after an overpayment has been applied to a repeating invoice and up until the repeating invoice is next automatically created and approved, the overpayment should still be available to be allocated to other regular approved invoices for that client, and if this was to happen the repeating invoice should no longer attempt to allocate that overpayment the next time it is generated and approved.
If I delete the line I get a message that 'Payslips for employees aged 18 years or over must include a Superannuation Guarantee Contribution line with a calculation rate of Percentage or Statutory Rate'.Does anyone know how to resolve this?Thanks in advance, Tim
I have just conducted Xero training with a client and he asked if Xero imported pay rates automatically based on the classification field on the employee card.I advised him that unfortunately it doesn't, but I think this would be a great development for Xero!
Hi, I was just wondering how we are expected to handle 8% holiday pay for employees in Xero Payroll?Do we submit a leave application each time for the accrued amount?I can't see anything in the documentation about it and it would be good to have some direction or insight into how others are handling this?Kelly
We're looking at 1 to 5 seconds to download the image.This may not seem like much, but when you have a backlog of receipts to go through, speed bumps can quickly get annoying.Can you look into what might be causing slow download of attachments?Regards,Bill
CLUSTER 2481
As has been the case for years, the process of having Xero connect to my bank (Barclays) is time-consuming, frustrating, and entirely unpredictable.This morning, I clicked on refresh feed and waited ten minutes while the endlessly spinning progress wheel indicated "connecting to your bank".
Hence the suggestion to post here is there's any recommended Xero add on partners that can assist in this issue.The temporary fix is to disable the enable payments to these accounts going forward but it cannot be configured historically.Any ideas and suggestions welcomed.Best regardsRichard
I am not an accountant, yet I find the new terminology makes everything mentally harder to parse.For example, when I need to search earlier today for our payroll taxes due to the government, I apparently needed to click on "Purchases" to find it.
applying staff, processing pay run, removing staff etc just to correct the accounts and ensure the payment summaries are correct.Yeah I could just add it to history.However the Unscheduled Pay Run should allow me to go back to any point in the pay year period.
Starting Saturday I can only enter transactions with the tax code 'BAS Excluded', I am unable to change this even though the suppliers have been set up as GST on Expenses?Does anyone know how to print a report that shows all transactions entered to the 'BAS Excluded' code?Thanks
CLUSTER 2482
I am trying to edit the following Bank Rule (Receive):- Payee contains John- Amount greater than or equals 100(After entering 100 I click on another field to make sure that 100 stays 100 and it does.
I tried to edit the invoice date (to put it in 2016), but I'm unable to edit the invoice date.How can I solve this issue?PS: From an accounting perspective, this invoice dates back to when the company was still a single member LLC which books an invoice when it's paid.
I know the Netherlands use IDEAL a lot and there is also Paypal, will XERO look at using these payment systems or accepting payments by direct debits for subscriptions?I think XERO is a good accounting package, but I may have to look elsewhere if there are not any alternatives made to subscribing.ThanksCarl
If i look at the entry on the bank statement the first method shows up as Bank account:transaction:spend money, whereas the 2nd approach it appears as transaction:payment.Our business receives very few invoices as everything bought ad hoc.
I have come to submit my first VAT Return on behalf of a client through xero, I have published the report and filed with the HMRC, however it still says along the top 'This return is being processed by the HMRC', and when I go onto the HMRC website it isn't listed on submitted returns yet.
We will probably use him again but don't know when.A work-around is to do a manual EMS via IRD, and put an end-date in then, but this is only so that I can keep the sub-contractor details in Xero.The option to end employment/archive/restore could be a good solution?
Currently Xero wont let me invoice for these sales and as such I have to make "Fake" purchase invoices to manipulate the inventory system inorder for it to let me create a sales invoice.In addition to that, Xero does not roll over "Absorption Costs" at the end of each Financial Year.
CLUSTER 2483
Why in the world does Xero only allow printing on voucher style checks?
This might require the ability to dip into negative inventory to work.
I can see where the pays were entered in Xero but they aren't appearing anywhere as being unreconciled.
CLUSTER 2487
Obviously this means doing the first return manually but I assume I could then switch to filing via Xero for future returns.
And as an aside, does the tracking drop-down box need to appear on every transaction, or can it just be made to appear when certain account codes are used?
This has costed us 2 sales so far where client approved the quote on Friday but by Tuesday when he received the invoice, they decided to hold on to it for now.
I'm about to make the switch to Xero, and have a question about invoicing templates.When I trialled the software, I was unable to change the invoice branding once the invoice is saved.
At the moment they use stripe to handle deposits and celery e-commerce system, unfortunately these 2 systems do not integrate with Xero or each other.
CLUSTER 2488
I have asked for help from them to set the system up with Xero (which they have) but they set up a DIRECT DEBIT account in my bank account in Xero.I have received the direct debit in the main account, but in the direct debit account it's showing negative (same amount).
I import  more than 300 hanudred bills in each monthsfirst I input all these bills into the imported bills template, all the cells auto filled when I browse the CSV file except the tax cell.
If I do small remote support that are minimal amounts- 30 mins to 1 hour at a time, I don't want to write all of these down and then add them to the recurring template manually.Quickbooks has this feature and is a significant time saver.
Hi XBC,I run a horse stud as my business and nearly all of my sales of stock, agistment & stallion services are paid by electronic transfer but every now an again I have my clients pay me with cash when they come to the farm to pick up their horse.
Hey,We are trying to integrate Shopify's app with a client's Xero who deals with the US but is UK based.We have set up Shopify correctly but we are trying to link the tax rates to the ones set up in Xero.
CLUSTER 2489
"Vinnies have assured us that the money you donate will stay in the Illawarra helping the homeless here in our own community with shelter and food, the basic rights that every human being is born with but not everyone shares in equally.
Without going through the bank, and without invoices to pay, how do I process this in Xero to:a) Show the customer's account in credit for the payment; andb) Show owner drawings for the same amount?Thanks, Marg.
Hi all,My company in importing the goods and then sale the goods in Local Market.Now I am facing the problem is that, at the time purchase company is paying Import Duty, Freight and Landing cost on Purchases and  that cost is not distributed in each product.
At this point I have a horrible habit of pressing the return key which promptly loses the information from the bill and the tracking option is not saved.I would prefer that the enter key performs a default action of Save within that popup or at the very least Cancel.
When loading leave requests the leave owing to that employee should be visible on the request page so that it is clear what entitlement the employee has.Also a warning should show if you try to pay a staff member beyond their entitlement.
We also track employee performance by examining fee income and, although we can do that in Xero in other ways, there does not seem to be a way to view the Fee Income account in a way that includes invoice details (such as the invoice number).
surely there are less painful ways to do this, why cant i set the date to 2013 and have it automatically calculate everything?its almost like xero expects me to shut down all the accounts and start fresh when i switch to their system ignoring the last 3 years of accounting.
CLUSTER 2495
The CSV file has uploaded correctly and lists the 4 transactions for reconciling on the left-hand section of the bank reconciliation screen, however Xero is not bringing up the transactions I have entered in the credit card account to enable me to reconcile the account.
When entering things I have purchase or paid for via personal accounts, if I do not want paid back for them, is it better to do an Expense Claim or a Bill?I know that its going to be owner contribution either way but I'm not sure what the difference is?
I have imported bank statements but since I have now transactions imported into Xero (no bank feeds) I can't reconcile unless I create the transactions there and then manually which would take a lot of time.. correct?Is there any way I can import the transactions from the old banking software?
Hi,This is a more general question about physical inventory management and not necessarily related to Xero (but I figure that this is probably a good place to ask as I can't be the only person selling physical products).My business is wholesale alcohol business and we have to do regular inventory counts in our multiple warehouses.
Hi.I'm new to Xero but it's going pretty well so far.I'm trying to set up quotes, so far I've managed to setup a DOCX template which works well.I'd like to know how to do the following1.
Now, as well as being able to send invoices as a PDF, Businesses now have the option to send customers a link to a live online invoice - giving them the most up-to-date information and the ability pay online, via a ‘Pay Now’ button connected to your PayPal account.
CLUSTER 2496
G'Day all,Here's the backstory - I enter our daily takings from the till total each day.
I invoice my customers monthly but complete a number of jobs throughout the month.
CLUSTER 2497
As it is now I have to sort through all the items everyone in the office has created.
Therefore need "does not contain"  for  "express" in the description.
CLUSTER 2500
In Xero, I then get 3 transactions associated to this, one is the GBP amount (which I can reconcile against a bill) but the other 2 are just related to the conversion and cancel each other out.How should I reconcile those amounts?
Does anyone know of a job/task management software package where you can assign staff to the jobs in a calendar which also had the sync facility with Xero?ThanksEmma
CLUSTER 2501
I emailed Xero Support but still waiting for the reply.
Once a Credit Note is created I can remove it manually from the UI.
Hi,Our company sells franchises across the world.
CLUSTER 2502
I'm not sure if it would fix anything to switch to the multi-currency subscription, but either way, we decided this doesn't happen often enough to warrant that.These are trucks.
It just seems pointless to me to approve a payrun, then approve a draft bill, and then approve a Bill before I can reconcile it with the bank..Apologies if this has been covered before but I searched and couldnt find a similar thread.
CLUSTER 2507
At the moment when you prepare a BAS through Xero tax it generates the payment details as part of the BAS.
The problem being is that I need to scroll to the bottom to see the horizontal scrollbar but then I can see the headings.
I do need to enter their timesheets to reflect the hours they worked as we need to use the tracking information.
The add-on is completely free of charge to use as we cover the transfer fees when paying your suppliers.
CLUSTER 2508
It just seems to conclude with applying the overpayment to a future invoice which won't work in my situation.https://help.xero.com/us/BankAccounts_Overpayment_Bill
For example, if we sent an invoice to Xero our invoice number might be XER-001.At the moment I have to set that code up on every invoice I send through Xero.
CLUSTER 2509
However, if I buy a single book to read and check whether it could be a potential item to be sold, does that still go into the COGS account or would it be a direct expense?
Can anyone help me please ?We have recently purchased a vehicle that we cannot claim the vat back on, does anyone know how to post the purchase invoice without the value of the vat hitting the asset account ?ThanksLaura
I have just amended our invoice with new bank details and uploaded it back to Xero, this has caused an issue in regard to layout and no information showing on the invoice when i click any in any account to view.Please help :)
I appreciate they like the at-a-glance running total of expense per van, but would it not be easier to use tracking for splitting the expenses to each van?Is there a benefit to having more codes over using tracking?
Our company does direct deposit for all payroll checks.I would love to be able to create a cool pay stub that has company logo and rearrange the payroll information to look less bland that the Xero default.What do you think?
We invited the client and she is set up as a user with standard access level and "contact bank account admin"We're trying to connect the yodlee bank feeds for one of their account.
This all works fine.However, when you have say $80USD in your paypal account and make a purchase of $200USD, the difference amount ($120USD) is automatically taken from your associated business account.
Hello allA staff member is taking the 25th April to 9th May which is 64 hours, she only has 38.7808 in annual leave the rest 25.2192 will be in unpaid leave.
CLUSTER 2510
Hi All,I'm making a single weekly batch payment to all of my suppliers with Xero's ABA file function...which I download and upload to my internet banking for making the actual payment.Some of my suppliers charge GST, most of them don't.
I'm trying to show an invoice with the discounted unit price but Xero seems to round the price to 2 decimal places on the report but actually uses 3 decimal places to calculate the line total.
Thus I would appreciate if anyone could let me know how to attribute expenses (make someone the payee when that space is blank) to a particular employee from a general reimbursement check that has already been reconciled?
It is far too easy when we try allocate a payment or receipt to a contact that a new contact is created by misspelling their name.I would suggest when a new contact is created automatically, you are forced to enter all the contact details.
I also had 2 Xero accounts, 1 for each.Jan 1, 2015 I wanted to move DBA K in to the Xero Account for DBA H. I was managing them seperately last year and this year I wanted to put them together to manage cash easier.
The first month I obviously have to deal with every transaction afresh, but given Xero's ability to either create rules or to 'remember' entries for repeating transactions (of which we have many), subsequent months will get reconciled very quickly.
CLUSTER 2511
I assume it is Purchase VAT at the Exempt rate, but I want to be sure.
If this is the case (and because we can't change it once paid) should we put it under #881?Thanks in advance!
Xero doesn't appear to have an object/database to support pipeline activity.
but i was told that i have to move it to the client account and set it up against every property.
CLUSTER 2513
We pay ourselves $1500 monthly but having a problem with the payroll as it seems to only calculate the PAYG component on the weekly tax rate.
I went into my chart of accounts and set the tax rate to 13% on sales, but It still has not allowed me add tax to expense receipts.
It would be SO useful to have a discussion tab in the files section, to allow communication about the bills/invoices there prior to entering them.
This was very useful especially with the account codes, where you might get a monthly bill that is always going to the same account like electricity.
i understand xero needs to calculate the 38hours for annual leave etc but we would prefer it to no show the hourly rate or hours.
Be sure to have a look through  that you want to support - we want to see all the smaller pain points highlighted.Of course we’re keen to hear feedback on this too.
CLUSTER 2516
We have a number of clients that employees receive emailed payslips but we cannot use this efficient function in Xero as it does not allow me to password protect the payslips prior to emailing out and therefore the security for our customers employees is not met.
But in this case CreditNote goes to Debit in 400 account and therefore reduces the balance, which mean that when invoice is finally fully payed I'm not able to reconcile 400-sales ($700) with 090 Checking ($1000).Maybe I do something wrong or there is some way to make a refund for my case, other than over CreditNote?Thanks in advance
CLUSTER 2518
This is a new venture for me, though, and I'm admittedly ignorant on the details and variables I should be considering when making this.
But does it make more sense to remove the contractor from the supplier process and run them through a payroll process?Any thoughts?
The page freezes and shows a window saying "gst registered" but doesn't let me enter anything.
Hi,The pay run summary page shows "net pay" which does not include reimbursements.
CLUSTER 2519
I am on the main dashboard of Xero daily, but I only open the payroll dashboard when I need to do a specific task (i.e.
I support  with professional accounting services and offer paid Xero support and implementation advice to clients all over the globe.
It would be really helpful if it also showed the date as it does when you actually enter the time sheet.
Can we have a P&L Report that displays account groups only without all the detailed accounts that roll up into that group?
I reciently created a pay run for two employees and subsiquently paid them from the business bank account.
I have just logged in to our Government Gateway site and noticed that the PAYE liability they are expecting is greater than that shown on my P32.
CLUSTER 2520
English language is fine but I need to be able to connect with the big Japanese banking institutions.Thank you.
What I am having trouble with is accounting for the first $5000 immediate tax deduction, in addition to the 15% depreciation for the 1st year.
Is it possible to set up a Bank Rule so that the description line in the GL coding will default to the description on the bank statement?
Could you have the system so that when you enter an employees DOB it calculates the age and shows this next to the DOB?2.
I'm trying to a Profit & Loss, even just a sales report for an employee for the past financial year but can't find a suitable report.
We convert your Word document to a pdf and attach it to the email.3) Fax anywhere in the world to one or many recipients.
CLUSTER 2521
Hi Xero,Slightly confused with the Payroll System you have in place.We have been using Xero for almost a year now and this is my only complaint.Holiday Pay is accrued which shows you the balance on their Time sheet, when an Employee takes leave in advance I cannot deducted it from their Holiday Pay but can only use their Annual Leave which the balance is at Zero so this makes their balance to go into Negative.
We are US based company that resells drug testing kits and supplies to employers and non-profit agencies.We are looking for a solution that incorporates the following (if possible)- Integration with Xero- One warehouse location- Lot code tracking (not individual serial numbers)- expiration date tracking / reporting- Ability to facilitate drop shipments- Integration with Fedex to generate shipping labels & charges back to Xero invoice (UPS is a distant second choice)- Email notification to customers with tracking information embedded in email - Simple kitting (optional)We would like to have 2-4 people with access, if possible.
it would appear the customer support is ZERO not Xero!I have been trying for 2 days to activate my account searched for phone numbers to contact the customer support to only go round in circles to come back to email only.So i followed the instruction emailed my request only to get automated responses back.Sad to say it but there are other products on the market that you can actually contact by phone.
CLUSTER 2523
He also transfers funds from one company to another.I need also to be able to reapportion some of the costs for example the phones need to be split between 2 companies & he needs this to show on the profit & loss.I can't get me head round the best way to resolve this his accounts are in a rather big mess.Any help would be appreciated.
Or am I missing the correct way to create a new account as an "accounts payable" account to which bills can be created from (as in QB)?I would like a way to track which "suppliers" are paid/unpaid without having to match up manual journal entry lines in an account ledger.
Hi,Is the current Pay Run option under Accounts in Xero going to stay, or is it going to be phased out with the new Payroll function.I am used to, and like the older Pay Run system, and when I went to add Employees into the new Payroll system, it seems quite cumbersome and involved...hence I gave up..I'm just wondering if I have to bite the bullet and change it over, or if I can keep with what I am used to.Thanks,Lynette
CLUSTER 2526
Instead of re-customise the same layout in new version of report which created in older style report layout.
I approve all drafted invoices and think Xero can match all sent invoices to received money.
When I go to the recent bills page for that supplier it takes quite a while to load and it's only going to get worse.
The problem with grouping by Account Name is that it runs alphabetically, mixing income and expenditure codes.
I do this for our foreign currency account... which we use rarely, and for which I don't expect to ever see automated uploads.
We issue weekly timesheets that record the hours they work which come back into the front office system.
The gross salary for the month will be the same but the breakdown between individual months will differ when holiday has been booked and that is not acceptable.
CLUSTER 2527
But the employee and employer contributions don't seem to get credited to the "payables" accounts.
I tried transferring the transactions from USER2 to USER1 but Xero won't match the transactions.
It doesn't seem right to create invoices for these, so I'm wondering if there is a different way of accounting for these?
I also expected to see reports for what was owed and some information about when it will be withdrawn/paid.
CLUSTER 2538
I allocate the purchase to the correct account (say Office Expenses), and the fees to "currency transaction fees".In my Credit Card Account when I pay for items using a foreign currency, the fees are included in the total cost, and therefore the purchase PLUS the fees are allocated to the account (say Office Expenses).My question is, is it necessary to always split out the transaction fees?
The client has since reimbursed us.So I have:One supplier invoice and payment - reconciledOne payment from customer in bank - to reconcile.I'm not sure how to fix these up and reconcile them?Because we are in the building/construction industry, I need to somehow reverse the supplier invoice in full, otherwise it will show up on our taxable payment report in error.
CLUSTER 2547
I have though of maybe an invoice but not sure if this is the best way to achieve what I want.
Xero won't let us modify the invoice without deleting the payment.
There is nothing worse that re entering information you have already taken the time to put in.
CLUSTER 2554
How can I classify this transaction without it adding to my income?
The notes section does not allow content to be pasted into it.
The online version shows the legal name.
CLUSTER 2555
I am a bit lost to how to best input the following:I run a consulting business, and I get referral for business which I then paid referral fees as agreed by both parties.I would need to create a new category in the 'Chart of Accounts' but I am unsure to which type this referral fees fall under (i.e.
But what if I want to run a profit & loss for two tracking categories that are part of different 'head' categories ?When running P&L reports in MYOB EXO, it has a check box next to each cost centre and you can choose which cost centres to include/exclude.Is this likely to be a feature in Xero in the future ?
I want to use the BACS file option in Xero to reduce keying-in errors in payments.I was hoping HSBC Business Internet Banking, our current bank, would allow this, but you still have to re-key everything- there's no way to upload a file that I can see.Does anyone know which banks and accounts offer this service?
CLUSTER 2556
All "trial" transactions have been deleted from the old account and the balance is $00.00.ThanksMac
When a staff member requests leave they have to tick the box to send to management for approval.
I already attribute the event payment as rent (469)Are there better ways of doing this?Thanks
When we run the payroll the bank holiday on Friday 14th April is not added to the payslip.
CLUSTER 2557
I charge them invoices in USD which they then wire to my AU bank account (where it is converted to AUD).I am utilising multi-currencies in Xero to store the invoices but I am a little confused regarding the exchange rates.
After doing a lot of "Find and Recode" to tidy up numerous account codes all the changes end up in the Late Claims tab in the GST return even if they do not alter the GST at all.
I need to have someone with Invoice Only (draft - because that's the only way to not disclosure all invoices) access to also be a payroll admin.Would be great to let each company create roles and select each specific permission.Thank you
Can a button please be added to allow us to quickly view Balance Sheet & Profit and Loss reports in current and previous financial year so we do not have to change the dates manually each time we wish to view the report.
Having both those problems means that one must use touch gestures to either select the default value or move the cursor to the right side of the field just to be able to adjust the value.
Any suggestions on how I might go about correcting this employees pay?I have raised this as a support issue but really need to process my pay run by tomorrow lunchtime at the latest.ThanksJudith
CLUSTER 2558
However a lot of his courses which are obviously planned months ahead may not happen if a minimum requirement of registrations has not been hit.
I still have outstanding invoices in the old account, and I need to have all my records available and everything has been based on that account for 2014.But is there some reason I should not do that?
Zapier CAN connect Google Sheets to other parts of Xero like Invoices and Contacts, but not Quotes!Please help!
Is there a free app that allows staff to clock on & off when they come and leave work and the time updated to Xero timesheet for payroll?
I can't think of a good reason to try to match hundreds and potentially thousands of these invoices to the biweekly deposits from Amazon.
Can you recommend an add-on which can do the following:A customer send a Purchase order for x days consultancy which would be invoiced as and when.
CLUSTER 2561
Obviously we have locked it as the figures equal those of the statutory accounts and we do not want any changes.How do we get round this as client is desperate for his management accounts?
).Right now when we want to put something like this together in an organized manner that won't confuse our clients we have to just use Adobe InDesign.
How do I move this to the other Xero account with out showing it as profit, because I earned it the previous year.I'm doing a conversion but really I'm absorbing one in to the other.
Also, ideally, we would like to have both automatically calculating the same as for everyone else?Is this something that will kick in at a minimum wage rate?
Being able to put a title and summary into the quote is great, but not much use if that info doesn't properly transfer to the invoice.
CLUSTER 2562
For example, my colleague sent an email listing the exchange rates which had been missed off the expense claim.
Since we've signed up, we've seen all the cracks and just how difficult it is going to be to move Quickbooks to Xero.
CLUSTER 2563
When I make the payment I do it as a transfer to the "Prepaid POs" asset account.
However, I can't tell from the transactions page which already have receipts attached and which do not.
When the product is ready, we cut the invoice, and post their down payment against that invoice.
CLUSTER 2566
This method doesn’t take into account the cost of the machine or accessories but these show in the balance sheet.
They pay a deposit on my website and the balance due is paid later when they attend camp.
When a quote goes out it would be a lot easier for everyone to refer to line numbers.
CLUSTER 2569
When entering a new invoice for a customer it would be good to have a snapshot of the state of the customer's account displayed - amount outstanding, amount overdue, overdue invoices etc.When a customer is on the phone placing an order we want to be able to see there and then that they have outstanding invoices that need paying before we accept a new one.
As we also now need to manually enter the date of the next visit on each invoice, this is taking a lot of time and means our office person has to work after midnight for one or two hours each night or we now have to post somewhere between 10-30 invoices a day.How are other small business owners managing these issues?I would like to add four votes to this but only one seems to be accepted?
CLUSTER 2574
So, my question is to reduce liability 881 is it just a debit from the bank account for the loan amount ?
I have been speaking with staff for weeks and have still been unsuccessful with doing this yet it is very important and at the same time strange that this feature is not there.
This is the major bank for UK based companies with Dutch partners and it is important for our business that this is added.
session date and transaction date.You can drill down into into the History and Notes activity but this is unable to be exported.
They tend to set up a separate company for different shows but they manage all the admin and finance from the same office.
When I run the sales transaction report in Xero for December, it shows that our sales were $7974.19.
CLUSTER 2577
Is Xero looking at creating a report that provides a year end summary for each employees earnings and a total of all pay items for the year (gross wages, PAYE, Kiwisaver, SL etc)?
Hi,Is there a way of 'syncing' contact details from employee contacts to employees in the new Payroll function and vice versa, I have just set up a new employee in the Payroll function but her details have not appeared in the contacts section.Thanks,Andy
Hi All - I'm looking how to export certain information from xero.For example I need to have the information in excel which shows "Sales per client / project"for a whole year.Any help is much appreciated!Thanks
Hi All,Does anyone know if you can delete a Leave Balance - We have some people that are on annual leave loading and some that are not.I selected the wrong option - i selected Annual Leave - without Loading instead of Annual Leave - with Loading.
If someone decides to opt-out (I was told by our pension provider) that you simply refund them their original contribution in the following payrun.Fine, seems easy enough, however....Xero does not allow you to enter a negative pension contribution.
I added that info when I created my invoice but for some reason its not showing up on bluevine.please can someone help you it needs to look like thisemailcustomer phoneaddressit only shows the email and nothing else!
CLUSTER 2580
Hi,When entering conversion balance into xero for the Accounts Payable and Receivable, do we need to separate out the GST component or does Xero do that on its own?
I have setup a rule within my UK account saying 200 sale but I have to reconcile the transfer from TrasnferWise as well in my Kiwi account.
The eWay feed could then easily retrieve all the transactions that make up the batch payment and match them to invoices in Xero.
Specifically Berrima District Credit Union (Credit Union Australia) doesn't seem to have an immediate bank feed.
When I'm looking at a contact summary, I am given the option of adding a new payable or receivable invoice, but not of setting up a repeating invoice.
I also don't get why, after paying multiple purchase invoices, I have to delete the batch payment again in order for Xero to be able to reconcile properly.
CLUSTER 2584
At the time, I wasn't very good at accounting so I decided not to set any depreciation on them.
The problem I have is that I have to manually apply a payment to each sales invoice.
The payment was part of a bulk payment (more than 1 employee).
The purchase from supplier is only made when a sale order is received.
!YOU ARE DOING BADLY CURRENTLY!Service UnavailableHTTP Error 503.
CLUSTER 2585
I would like to add help notes for users to perform specific tasks in Xero.I'd like to attach the notes to # the Dashboard# the Help menu dropdown# specific screensCurrently the option are Post-it notes on the screen or some independently hosted web pages.
NEST then goes on to say that we have to make sure we (employers), are making the correct contribution and  that it will calculate Relief based on the NI number we provide when enroling employees - a bit of a contradiction.Xero suggests that all is taken care of automatically - still confusing!
CLUSTER 2586
I am pretty new to the program and we have our account linked but where in the system to I put in the deposits to the bank or will they automatically show up on the bank feed.Thanks
Then I can go back to the invoice and attach the receipt to the invoice, but it doesn't necessarily link itself to any particular line item.This is sloppy at best, and error prone at worst.
Hi,If you import everything from the bank description then we can create more rules because the important things from the bank transactions description is on the end of the description and this is not imported on the reference in xero.
I think this is because it is code copied from the sequence which is used for when I would make a payment to a creditor against one of their invoices, in which making a payment is the correct language.
This disappears after changing the bill reference to be unique, but if changing to another reference that also exists, the error remains (also correct) but does not update.
I noticed today that the bank feed is finally active (7 July 14).My question is what is going to happen to the transactions between the 1st and the 7th.
Unfortunately when this occurs Xero is continue saying, last time the payee field had "Internet Transfer" you put it to this account, would you like to do it again?
But the Leave Used Section on the payslip comes up with a Zero.......How do we get the payslip to display the leave used in a particular pay run?Regards - Ranjita
CLUSTER 2588
I assumed that Xero would offer this in reports (using historical currency conversion rates) to show profits and losses in USD as well as the currency of my company which is EU.
A client phoned and told me that when processing payroll, a particular employees "old" leave (Dating back to Nov/Dec) was being added to his current payroll.
CLUSTER 2590
Some requests have zero votes, but are still implemented as they're a great idea.
Interestingly I can refresh the AMEX credit card feed but not the bank.
CLUSTER 2591
We are doing it this way at the moment as it doesn't alter our profit but we realise it does alter our turnover.
I've tested all my transaction using just the help centre and not needed any other support.
CLUSTER 2592
I'd like to know the best way to allocate expenses across different time periods.
The customer has two other unpaid bills and I wanted to allocate the overpayment to one of the invoices.
Turned out that I have GST refund and PAYG Tax withheld payment, which leads to a payment to the ATO.
It would be great if there was an additional code for Entertainment which has the 50/50 split feature built in.
And no, the Find & Recode batch option does not solve my problem – that only allows you to change a bunch of the same at once.
These are unnecessarily large and slow to open - can you please resample these JPEGs down to a "reasonable" size?
CLUSTER 2593
When I look at the Accounts Payable transactions, I find that there is a credit of £1,100 for a bill that was voided.
The money will hit my UK bank account in GBP butobviously all line items (i.e.
I'd love to be able to attach a W-9 to Contacts from the 1099 Report input screen.
I would like to be able to mark certain transactions/ customers/ suppliers as confidential so that only I can see them.
We need to have more flexibility for the base currency and be billed for all these multi-jurisdiction companies to our UK account in GBP.
A receipt number is useful to quote when interacting with the ATO and to provide to our clients as proof of lodgement.
Now you can have Buildings (1) and Buildings (2), Office Equipment (3) and Office Equipment (4).
However, we do not want to give them full payroll access, just the ability to enter timesheets for other workers.
CLUSTER 2595
In the Journal, the account "payables" that we would like to debit does not show up.
Here's a simple one:When I want to record a transfer (e.g.
I have tried clicking on the 'my account' button but all that I am able to change is my signature.
The mapping when importing a bank statement (csv) is not pulling through my Payees'.
CLUSTER 2597
On the chart of accounts does anyone know if you make this account an expense?Thanks guys Tom
Most of my earnings are coming from consulting, but I also have passive, recurring income from an online software I sell.
Xero is great but it lacks the ability to set specific permissions based on each company needs.
This is the person that the ATO will contact if they have any queries.Would you like to include supplier details to the ATO?
Their are 2 employees who I can not change to new Pay Calendar as it brings up this message in red box.
CLUSTER 2598
Postage Received should have had 20% VAT applied but is being imported with 0% VATI have calculated the VAT payable on the postage received and want to do a manual journal to reflect this to update my Postage Received and VAT account.I am having a brain freeze and the journal isn't working.
We currently use paypal as our payment processor solely because Xero treats PayPal as a bank account, which nearly automates the process of separating out payment processing fees from gross sales and reconciling everything.It would be very useful to treat Braintree as a bank account too.
At the moment we are using the Awaiting Approval step to do two things, one to check that the invoice has been drafted correctly and two to add the PO number or reference.This leads to wasted effort as a manager is checking the invoice twice and we are not necessarily do the chase for the PO as often as we should - It is amazing how hard it can be to get a PO for an agreed piece of work!
I  'reached out' to support and the 3 weeks for a response hasn't elapsed yet but I thought I'd post anyway and take the flack from the community managers!Got this today from Xero:"As you’ve posted a pay run in the last six months, we’ll move you to the plan in the table below.
CLUSTER 2600
I also looked at another thread listing how to deal with a cash advance but that is slightly different as the amount loaned is equal to the amount being paid back by the employee.Can anyone advise the correct way to process this from a bookkeeping perspective?
!Xero, PLEASE add a running balance column to your GL (Account Transactions reports) both on screen and in Excel.Every day I am exporting to Excel and then creating my own running balance column - its so basic, yet Xero doesn't do it....why????
CLUSTER 2601
HiFor the last hour when I go to reconcile bank account transactions the right hand side where it tries to match a transactions keeps saying "loading" and nothing is coming up.
In an ideal way we'd submit via receipt bank, choose the client their and xero pick this up and recharge it automatically; however it seems I'm asking too much at the moment.
At present, you need to use the Suncorp banking token to manually load each day’s feeds (rather than them happening automatically like NAB, Rabobank etc.
Being able to load a default markup percentage in the client setup so that any items sold to that client have the percentage set added to them as the item is selected on the invoice.
The date range options on the newer reports works well, making selecting a period really quick and simple.I'd love to be able to do the same but for the full year to the period selected.
Currently when an invoice is raised in a non-base currency and paid via the base currency bank account you have to enter the exchange rate the bank used to convert the transaction.
I have tried using Chrome and IE but both still very slow moving around the system.My other cloud applications are working fine so not an internet connection issue.Please advise.
I have a new employee who  works 18 hrs per weekHis full time equiverlent salary is 45k based on 45 hr week.How do I enter the  salary in Xero.
I have found a long list of programs like Workflow max, Harvest, simPRo, GeoOp, Quotient and the list goes on and on But I need to find the ones that suits the need of a graphic designing business.
CLUSTER 2604
Not had anything since 3rd Jan, but lots of txns showing on the PayPal website  :-(---
However, when I just create a one off invoice and use the inventory, the dynamic reference for *Month Year* does not populate.
CLUSTER 2606
Without this ability it is not going to become faster to prepare year end financials on Xero than on other systems where template changes are automatically pushed through to the client level.
Would be great to be able to add important Medical Information in Employee contact details so that this is available ie an additional field along side the Emergency Contact.
CLUSTER 2608
I need to reduce the inventory but similarly record the "payment" and/or the original expense.
I was really confused by the credit card handling Xero does with considering them to be banks.
Hello,I'm trying to refresh a bank feed from Santander but don't seem to have the option.
Or do I have to do a purchase invoice to show the furniture coming in but at 0 cost?CheersSue
I expect overdue invoices to be included in the total of invoice waiting for payment.
CLUSTER 2610
So we are showing as a loss which is correct and fine.I have reconciled all transactions except the 3 amounts we have put in to the business as 1.
Hello.We often need to go out to store to purchase product that has run low and we use cash from the till to do so.
In order to correct these errors I used the remove and redo function and reconciled them against the correct invoices - Happy days!
I see this as a material weakness in the internal controls related to bank information used to create batch payments.
The words Balance Due are in bold, but the rest of the statement looks just like a regualr invoice, not an overdue one.
i can add the VIN in the sales order as an extra line below each product sold, but i don't see any way to search for it afterward
The ATO does not recognise the second lodgement as an AMENDMENT and the client effectively doubled up everyone’s Payment Summary information.
CLUSTER 2611
This one simply allows the user to override the contraint that invoicable items need to be in stock.
If the employee is paid an annual rate of pay, the rate as at the latest date to which the payslip relates9.
Typing the first few letters of an inventory item under ITEM on an invoice is not always bringing up that inventory item for me.
CLUSTER 2612
I started the business a month before that and there are two transactions:- Owner Funds Introduced- Insurance ExpenseI have set the opening balance of the Bank and Owner Funds Balance accordingly but I am not sure if I should enter an opening balance in the Insurance expense account.
With Businesses that purchase Alcohol in Australia that have WET and WEG If Selling Alcohol in a Business you should register with the ATO to claim back the WET and WEG for Tax Purposes.Wine equalisation tax (WET) is a tax on wine consumed in Australia.
I can manually track the timing differences between MEMNET receipts and eWay settlements to the bank account, but I can't figure how to best use Xero reconciliation to cover MEMNET, the bank  account and the eWay account in a system-facilitated way.Any advice would be greatly appreciated.Charles
Just moved a client over to Xero from Sage Line 50 using Convert24 free offer at the moment.However, I am left with a mammoth task of allocating over 1000 Purchase and Sales invoices to credits/receipts (as this is not done as part of the conversion).According to everything I have read there is no way of quickly doing this?
Hi,Our Xero logins and email addresses are based on our registered company domain / email address, but we need to send invoices using the domain for our Trading name - it does not seem possible to do this - it should be part of invoice branding.
My question is, if I go back to the first of these transactions (from the milkshake shop lets say) and change the rule to reflect reality, will this then change how all of the following transactions, from the same milkshake shop, are recorded in xero?If you want to get serious, what is, or what are, the tax implications of doing this?
I can't tell you how many requests I get from employees of all my various clients requesting copies of their payment summaries because they overlook this email not realising that it is their payment summary.Why can't the payment summaries be sent out like payslips or remittance advices which have something in the subject like: '2016 payment summary from XYZ Company Pty Ltd'?
All employee details and super details added.As a new company and because our amount of work goes up and down every month, impossible to say that a salary is going to apply, as at the EOFY we will either be over or under it.Hours worked also don't count, as I can't specify a "rate".
HelloI tried to find something similar to this, but the last post on it was from a couple of years ago.I have to run my first payroll tomorrow, but as of this morning HMRC had not set up my PAYE reg which I submitted on the online system despite having 3 weeks to have done so.
CLUSTER 2619
Due to this, I think this is why a lot of people would rather use Receipt bank when you have a large volume to process.
Needs to sort by data or $.Sales by item - better - but without the tracking categories I'm still missing some data.
Be able to choose print branding on Invoices without having to edit invoice, like you are able to to do when printing statements.
We would like this to be optional.The reason is that often the sales representative is the contact, however they don't want to receive the invoices and statements.
I have to click it open each PO in order to see the reference number when the point of the page is too see every thing at a glance.
They can enter all the details later through the Xero web site when they submit the claim.The "" label in Expenses itself leads to confusion.
We don't use headers for our columns and new to xero so want to be able to use the system to generate our exisiting invoice format.
CLUSTER 2620
I have set up the USD currency in Xero.When the transactions are bought in from Paypal they are in AUD...Im not sure how I can fix thisAny advice is greatly appreciated as it is driving my bonkersRegards,Brooke
Local doesn’t provide small improvements to your online presence, it has the potential to double and even triple profits!So I hope you finally understand that local is important.
So, I deliver the order with simply a packing slip which states the order but not the cost, then go home and input the actual costs to the order in Xero.
stating the date/time the report was filed and by which Xero user) possibly even with a link to the return reciept (e.g.
(I understand that I can check whether reminders sent by viewing the invoice history, and in the Reminders column on the invoices overview page, but this doesn't really fit my workflow.
when I wish to do a bunch of recodes for a particular time period but for different accounts I want to keep the date condition static but visit and recode different accounts.
When I quote more than 1 quantity for my client, I need the cost to be shown as zero or give an option to click on a specific quantity to show that particular value.
This means that any adjustments are falling into returns that have already been sent to IRD, and causing the Xero GST returns to vary from what is returned to IRD.
I want to start fresh with my zero account from the 2013 /2014 financial year and want to delete my conflicting info from before this date but i don't know how to do this.
CLUSTER 2629
I encourage clients to pay by bank instead of small amounts in cash because this keeps everything accounted for easily but Xero doesn't allow for this with the starter plan and the next level up definitely isn't necessary for some clients who are not invoicing customers.
When using the automatic superannation processing, it would be great to be able to enter a date when you would like the super funds to leave your account so that the payment of super is separate to the process of reviewing and submitting super amounts for approval.
Hi guysI need to run this report mid month as there has been a change in company ownership.An error message comes up however saying 'Uh oh - try again'.Does anyone know how I can run the report?Cheers
I have set it up on the time off area of settings.I will also need to correct my RTI filing too.I am at a loss to know how to proceed.I have also submitted a case but not heard anything (I imagine this first month or two is going to be busy for Xero payroll!)
Do you have tips & tricks to increase efficiency for it?One of the best tools I've found at the tutorial videos for all the ones I use.I LOVE the Workflow Max add-on but to get started, I definitely need to attend a webinar or 2 and watch a video.
CLUSTER 2630
There would be a difference of $35k that does not align up if I was to complete contra on both side of the accounts (i.e income & expenses).Does anyone know how to remedy this?ThanksAmanda
Therefore, a customer may not have paid the first half on the date we agreed as a limit, but it will not show as overdue, since the due date is not set until months from now.
CLUSTER 2632
Hi everyone, When I process a batch payment, the details field automatically updates to a default detail from a previous payment, or the first payment ever used to that payee.
The bank account from which the transactions are feeded has other transactions which I just want to escape as all the transactions are not the rental property related account?Normally in online account, I just delete the transactions other than rental property transaction.
HiI'm in the process of entering the payroll opening balances for my employees and just wanted to clarify the meaning of a couple of the fields (I've searched the help center but the answers aren't detailed enough) -1) 'Total Tax to Date' - is this referring to just income tax?
CLUSTER 2635
For example, I've placed an order 1000 widgets and received a Bill for which I paid a 30% deposit for the manufacturer to start production.
Only current and future depreciation expenses should be affected, but Xero is rolling back depreciation to the date of calculation and re-calculating.
The only payment showing in xero is the £17.64.But obviously in xero I need to account for the £63.58
I run a window cleaning business and wish that my staff could view customers in the order that they need to visit them.
(This would keep in place the account behind-the-scenes for 7 years, which I understand currently exists.
Please add a field to the customer invoice import file to allow you to force the appropriate invoice theme.
I have a business that has stock that will be stored in about 4 locations, but the stock is both sold and hired out to customers (depending on the customers preference).
CLUSTER 2636
HiI have my Business account and Paypal Account set up in Xero and also Bank Feed is activated.But how do I get the latest Bank Statement to Reconcile my Account.I am new to Xero and therefore getting problem.
When we send an online quote to a customer, if they are viewing on a mobile device they are able to see the quote details (line items) but if they view the email on a desktop machine they see only a summary.
I am shocked that I had to create a tax rate and then go through the rigmarole sent to me by email by the Xero support team, I would expect the program to be able to do this without a problem as I Consider this basic functionality!
I'm new to using Xero, but I keep putting in the PO Box postal details for a customer and clicking Save, but it doesn't save.Can anyone point me in the right direction for where this is going wrong?thanks
ALL reports need a button like the VAT return where you can export the report to Excel, but also EVERY transaction that makes up the report, how else can you explain reports to a client blind to its consituent parts?.
After the PayRun the Payslips shows a different lower hourly  rate of pay from that on the Pay Template and the employees pay is calculated at this lower rate, resulting in the employee being underpaid.
CLUSTER 2644
And I'm not prepared to pay our bookkeepers to provide me the information which I can access myself in real timeP
You can have a send receipt to customer checkbox I would think.many thanksLisa..
Unfortunately, the 1406 value is a transaction id that changes on every entry.
I went to the account transactions tab to delete it, but the payroll transanctons are locked.
CLUSTER 2645
If I have a client that is for exmaple on the standard pricing plan but then changes to the starter pricing plan, what would happen to the clients balances in the sales ledger and purchase ledger?
We have Doctors who work as consultants we charge them 30%+ gst of their earning and pay the rest into their bank account and we create a invoice for them send it, adjusting our accounts showing deducted at source.
All our sales and post of our expenses are in GBP, but we work with a few people who bill in USD - for example for online software.Up until now, we've always put the invoices through our accounts in GBP.
(When I see "company name" , I leave it blank as it is not relevant, and just use the primary person fields, but of course it then does not let me save, as the system insists on a company name.)
(My bank doesn't let a single user pay more than $20,000 in one day, so two different users have to import one file each.
Hi,I can see similar discussion but not quite what I was looking for.Is it possible to adjust an employees timesheet after they have submitted it rather than rejecting the timesheet and getting the employee to resubmit again?
I don't know what happened but since the big file rollout but I cannot open, view nor download most of old files uploaded by receipt-bank.Also tried in chrome and nothing.
CLUSTER 2647
Hi Guys,can we export ledger wise expense for a particular period, contact wise expense gives the vendor names, but i need the what is the expense
I can 'pay' the invoice by putting the payment date to the date I added the transaction (pre-conversion date) but I don't know how to make my conversion balances balance then...
?But, there is no daily option so it does not repeat it daily and also the figures need to be manually entered each day so Xero saving it as the same amount is useless to me.Any ideas?
When using an inventory item on a Spend Money transaction, if the inventory item’s description field is blank it does not overwrite a pre-filled description field
I would like to be able to do a basic check each month to ensure things have been posted into the correct accounts but at present I have to do that by clicking into each account which is very time consuming.
Has anyone else encountered this problem?Also is their anyway to have old leave types not appear in the list of leave options?I hope all these ramblings make sense.Thanks!
We agreed that she will not get paid stat days that have been or coming up in Feb.  How do i make Xero say she is paying back the 10 hours of owed holiday back
There are only 3 of us receiving wages/salaries but because we are on a standard package only one set of wages goes through the Xero Payroll (mine as I'm the only employee - the other 2 are the owners).
CLUSTER 2648
We process and pay the "bills" on the customers behalf, and in turn we "invoice" (AR) those customers to be reimbursed for those "bills" plus any savings we have achieved for them since managing their services.My problem is that I am unable to keep track of the "bills" (AP) on CUSTOMER BY CUSTOMER (my AR contacts).
Hi guys, I have just processed my first pay run (correctly i hope) My question is, After I click "post pay run", will xero automatically transfer money from my business account, to the employees accounts...    or do i need to go into my online banking account and physically transfer the wages to my employees myself ?If Xero does this automatically, when will the transfer happen?
In my view, one can still be a pretty great user of Xero without knowing anything about these areas.The system does need to go back to the "here's your 40 question test" method rather than this nightmare 30-section "curriculum".As mentioned to Mark, people might like the new setup but for every accountant that does, there'll be easily another 20 firms not bothering with it and this is important given how much progress Quickbooks and (even!)
CLUSTER 2651
baring in mind i wouldnt know how to alter these how can this be and how can i check what he's saying ?
Find the payment (bank card) for the airplane ticket  2.
Any change you can create an alias email for us to send files to.
I am having issues marking IRS bills that are "awaiting payments" as paid.
CLUSTER 2653
The invoice I send the insurance company should only reflect the monthly rate that is recurring and a one time charge for installation.
My understanding is that this is included in the conversion balance so if I code it to the expense category this will double the income?Thanks in advance,Becca
At the moment, if you need to get to a prior period GSTreturn you have to click the drop down box and then click the final return you want.
Hi AllWhen creating a new batch deposit the PayPal bank account doesn't show in the list of accounts.
I can currently delete incorrect lines but to add in an extra line I have to delete from the error onwards, correct & then redo the deleted lines.
I did an unscheduled payrun to pay the correct staff member, but not sure how to do an unscheduled payrun to reverse the amounts for the ex-employee?
CLUSTER 2658
In order to check that the coding of the transactions is correct we need to access each transaction individually and adjust if necessary.By having a report that shows where each transaction has been coded we would be able to tell at a glance which ones are incorrect.
We should be able to setup all client features for them, not have to log in as the client to do this - Kashflow allows adviser access as the client to do such things - much easier!Many thanks for listening...Tim.
We should be able to setup all client features for them, not have to log in as the client to do this - Kashflow allows adviser access as the client to do such things - much easier!Many thanks for listening...Tim.
At lease program the page using css rather than element styles to allow end-users to customize, but why not give the table a 100% width automatically.Just my pet gripe at the mo'
In order to push to get clients and potential client on board with the software change, I feel that it is incredibly important for them to know that you personally use the software you are pushing to them.
CLUSTER 2659
I have been using Xero just over 1 month now.The Online Invoice (not the pdf one) has fields you can add... but not enoughWhat would help is1.
We are looking to see if an option exists to allow customers to pay by eCheck only vs the current option of paying with a credit card or eCheck.
Just found the cash coding feature which has come in extremely handy to reconcile around 2000 transactions extremely quickly.
Is anyone else finding that now when they type a date in Xero, they're not actually typing in the date, they've flicked up to the new search option because they've typed in a /?
CLUSTER 2660
I understand that my fees will just have 20% discounted from them but I need to code them in Xero to show this on the VAT return?
I don't have later, I need to do them now :(I tried 10 to see if that made a difference but nothing, the same error message!
If I produce P&L's on different days could they be different depending on the rate on that particular day.If that is the case above.
The year to date figures in the payment section of the payslip only show the earning lines currently being used.
When it comes to reconciling this single transaction, I can’t split it into two sums for each credit card account on Xero.
Hi All,We have created a software tool which can be used to take payment for Xero invoices via WorldPay.
I see this as a material weakness in the internal controls related to bank information used to create batch payments.
CLUSTER 2664
So how long do you think I can get a tech to find that "BROKEN LINK"??
When I go to "Make a payment" in Xero, it asks me for the exchange rate.
Or have another column that states what is missing next to the "Missing Details."
CLUSTER 2666
HelloI am just starting to look at using the budget manager for our business, we are VAT registered and I wondered if this considers sales including or excluding vat?At the moment, we work on our sales profit margin on our product excluding vat due to vat input/output and I am trying to figure out how I can link these figures in with utilising the budget manager if they include vat or is there a way to choose how these figures are displayed?Many ThanksCarin
It sounds like a small request but can you please add View Receipt as an option because I then need to;- view invoice- click the hyperlink to get to the receipt- click options- click view receipt- then click print now and print so that I can send to customersI process about 100 payments a week that need to be sent to customers so as you can imagine, this is a necessity for me, and I don't even see why 'view invoice' is an option if the payment has just been put through?
I currently have some items in Vend closed as on account which creates an invoice to the customer in Xero.When I need to change the invoice line item quantity or add new lines however, Vend advised to create a negative sale and settle it with cash with that customer to reduce sales and at the same time, settle the earlier on account sale with cash as well so as to net off and post a zero cash transaction line to xero.
CLUSTER 2667
A client has asked me whether it is possible to generate a weekly rather than a monthly profit and loss report, so you could (for example) compare this week with the previous 12 weeks, like you can with monthly reports?
Hiya, new to Xero and having a few issues, can anyone please advise me:I have bank fed and reconciled my accounts so that they balance.Do I now need to add in company receipts and invoices paid to bills, or am I just repeating the process that reconciling does??
Hello folks,I am not an accountant so please forgive me if I don't use the proper lingo.Here is my issue: My bank account reconciliation is all messed up, when I reconcile money coming in it actually adds to the money in xero and doesn't make it come closer to the balance in the bank account.
I'm trying to get Xero up and running and I am running in to an issue.My business is small but growing.A lot of times in the past I have paid for a business expense with my personal funds because I didn't have the money in the business account.
We have the ability to upload attachments to these documents but it only holds them in our folders or library for history and viewing, I would like to see an option to send the attachment with the quote, invoice or purchase order to the recipient as well.
I heard that Xero were working on new functionality to make it easier to set up auto enrolment firstly for NEST and then for other providers including Legal and General.I appreciate that developing the software can take time but better documentation for what you already have is a real necessity.
CLUSTER 2669
Leave is important to the employee work cycle therefore it also needs attention.
Xero Payroll does not calculate wages based on the employees start date.
CLUSTER 2671
BUT For "Property 1" I have made a Net PROFIT of £200.00 in the COA of "Repairs & Maintenance".
However, this does not account for the payments taken from the till that have been part of the sales for the day/week/month.
I would like to have a prompt message that will tell that the employee is already existing when adding an employee.
In xero, the statement balance and xero balance match but are NOTHING similar to my actual balance.5.
When I reconcile I know what the amount is for and why it was paid (in essence they are debit card payments and DDs for services and goods).
Deleting a bank statement entirely doesn't strike me as an option if, when I import it, all I'm going to get is the same data.
I try deleting the pay run and try all manor of methods to get the payslip to save.
CLUSTER 2672
Hi everyone.I'd like to get anyone's take, experience, etc, on what I am proposing to do.My new client is a gymnasium and most of their revenue comes from subscription billing through the service called ezydebit.
We need a report which will provide a breakdown of wages cost by timesheet category.We import timesheets from a time and attendance program, which allocates hours worked into the relevant category (bar, kitchen, admin etc).
CLUSTER 2673
To complicate things I often pay bills, rent etc using cash from the till (due to being charged loads by the bank to deposit cash).
But we lacked the true art of what Xero makes look easy!So long story short, we are stuck using second rate software in an outdated industry.
Only being able to view an invoice number or filing reference on the face of the report is in my opinion, less useful and inconvenient when attempting to determine the exact nature of outstanding invoices.
This topic has been discussed at length already and the ability to capture and record livestock quantity information is already included through tracking categories feature, so this shouldn't be a backbreaker to implement.
Id wanted to change the pay run and have set up a new calender but it wont allow me to pay the short days before the new pay cycle starts.
I have just setup for running my first payroll in Xero.I have Approved the timesheets but I do not see any payroll data once I select Pay Runs.Can you give me any clues please?
CLUSTER 2674
The business paid an amount of money to the Office of State Revenue related to the purchase of some business assets, but I'm not sure how to reflect this in Xero.I don't think the payment is tax deductible, but needs to be reflected in the cost base of the asset purchase somehow?
When I put the invoice amount of 4000 on unitAmount field in SalesInvoiceTemplate I could import it but how do I treat the prepayments(before conversion date of 31 March)  of 1000 against this invoice.I have tried putting customer Due amount in unitAmount field in salesinvoicetemplate.
Good news, hopefully this solves the problem we have had where you can't synch the VISA payment account properly.So I started to fill out the form, but then while checking the details in ANZ online banking I discovered that the new interface has a page that lets you request these be setup without any need for paper forms.
We have two bank accounts in Xero, but one is a savings account and is only used for bank transfers.When I'm entering several bill payments/spend money/receive money transactions it feels frustrating to have to enter "cu" and select the bank account for every transaction.
REQUEST:Xero should warn you if you are attempting to create the same Draft Bill more than once or if you forget to create it (say, if not done 48 hours after the Pay Run was posted).BACKGROUND:I have a client who is a new Xero user and has unfortunately posted some payrolls twice to Xero and completely missed posting others.
You should see the massive journal I have to create each week to reallocate payroll deductions to repay loans, reallocate department codes when an employee works in multiple departments so that the Departmental profit and loss report doesn't show wages of another department, and reallocate leave payments for any employee who works across two different departments because leave is fixed to the employee's default department only.
CLUSTER 2675
I had to do everything manually if there wasn't a rule in place and now I've got some but I feel like I'm starting from scratch.I'm wondering if this happened to anyone else... if this was the result of an update?
Where you are using tracking categories is it possible to have a setting with the payroll settings to be able to select which tracking category should be used when posting the payroll journals?
Currently I have my Xero set up so that COGS is based on the calculations I've done and is a lump of all my costs put together in one COGS bucket.
Hi,Trying to recode as per instructions received from Xero and the Wages Payable account does not appear as an option in the drop down list.
If this is can not be fixed can you at least send an alert when the anniversary date rolls for an employee to notify the administrator to manually make this change?
CLUSTER 2676
Approximately, half of that is received in cash the other half is eftpos.
I haven't yet mastered the way Xero reconciles accounts.
They don't seem to be overpayments, and I don't have a bill to create a credit note against.
CLUSTER 2681
Problem is that we don't want to record all the store credit that we gave away since only a fraction of customers would actually redeem it.
However when sending direct from Xero with a receipt we can only copy and paste the link which is very long and can look a little bit spammy.
Currently when we lock a period it stops everyone but Advisors in the file making changes to that Period End.
I can't seem to un-reconcile the cancelled card's transactions and somehow attribute them to the actual credit card account.
Hey everyone,I ran into a problem last night, when I was making a payment online and tried to record it in Xero.
Why is it that when I create a direct payment transaction for spent money, the item appears in my "Income by Contact" report?
I've had a look at Xero community notes, and training videos online but they tell me to click on the add line button, but this does not appear.
(Does creating the unscheduled pay run overwrite the pay records for this period for the employee entirely or is it over and above the hours worked?
CLUSTER 2685
A customer has paid by BACS into our Business account in error, I gave them there money back but now I don't know what to do about the transactions which are showing on Xero in and out of the bank??
I'll try to break down what I am saying below in the best way I know how...SITUATIONI live in Australia, but receive income in USD paid to my USD PayPal balance.
I have a business checking account connected to Xero (my Asset account), and all of my business expenses go through it (reconciled to transactions against Expense accounts).
How can I get the individual transactions from my credit card into my Business current account so I can individually categorise them and apply VAT to each?Many thanks,Ash
At the moment, I can't use the 1099 rules to display those in the correct 1099 box, as the rules interface only shows the expense accounts (or "All Accounts").
Currently when I send an invoice the heading is as follows:Invoice Invoice Number from Trading Name for Contact NameI'd like the ability to add a tracking placeholder.
The conversion was carried out by the Jet Convert team.All well converted well and my accounts were functioning correctly.I have logged into my profile today only to find there's no accounting information at all!
I am adding a new employee onto the system, who works a basic 17.5 hours a week, but also does extra hours as and when needed.
CLUSTER 2686
I can refresh the feed during the day and it works fine, but for the last 3 days every morning when I refresh the feed I have to re-enter my details.Is there an issue I do not know about or is anyone else having to do this?
I entered the supplier as a new contact from the Reconcile tab on the Bank Account screen, but when I search Purchases using that supplier's full contact title no records are returned.
How is one supposed to reconcile when the two reports are out?Secondly, given the above, why does Xero allow posting to the VAT Control account without going through a VAT entry field?
Assuming people keep their workstation secure so confidential emails can't be accessed is one thing, but having that extra layer of security would be welcomed by the staff.
We wasted a lot of time evaluating TSheets (listed in your time tracking category) only to discover that we are unable to assign a billing rate to each employee that can show up in an invoice we can import into Xero.
We need to be able to record half-a-dozen names (under the main business name they work for), email addresses etc and brief comments of last conversations and notes to follow-up.
CLUSTER 2691
As part of our process, after we process the batch payment (and receive confirmation from bank that the payment was accepted) we mark the invoices as paid in our electronic document management system.
I would like to be able to set a default branding theme for my quotes so I do not have to select it from the drop down list every time I start writing a new quote.There is an option to set a default branding theme for everything but i require a different one for invoices and quotes.
HelloJust noticed if I input a Purchase Order number into the invoice <reference> field that has a "dot" in the format, Xero suddenly now seems to think this is a skype phone number and highlights the number with a link.
CLUSTER 2692
Hi , I just recoded some transactions done in Jan17, It is actually recode from the Sales tax GL to GST liabilities GL.
Basically when my company "BILLS" a patient this is not charging GST to the client, so therefore the individual line is GST free.
Could we have the bill approval options as individual buttons across the bottom of the bill rather than having them as a drop-down under the approve button?
Currently with our existing quotation document, we punch in our line cost but the final quote presents the marked up pricing to the client.
If I have to split the amount I can still edit the amount when it is already put into the unit price spot........... a lot of time wasted!!!!!!!!!!
However when I try to change the tax rates for these accounts I get an error message saying "the tax rate is invalid for that account".
Hi All,We've only just come over to to Xero from myob, I'm currently having an issue where when I export an ABA it is missing the "from" account when I upload it to the bank.
The system seems to not allow me to touch this so it is showing that she is owed nearly 80 hours of annual leave when it should be about 20.
CLUSTER 2694
Why does Xero ask for an account code and tax code to be allocated when making a supplier payment on account?Does this mean that at the time of posting the POA the VAT and profit and loss account are affected?And, when the supplier invoice is entered at a later date, does this mean that the VAT and expense are duplicated?Cheers
There seems to already be some sort of connection built, but I'm not exactly sure how the security and username thing works with bank feed information.Bank website: https://www.integritybankandtrust.com/Online portal: https://web11.secureinternetbank.com/Thanks,Brett
When i run a report on Account A, I am looking for a way to see the bank accounts the fed into Account A and possibly filter out separate bank accounts.Bottom line, when i run the expense report on Account A, I see all the transactions, but nothing that tells me what bank account that transaction came from.Anthony
For example we process payroll bi-weekly and have several pay/deduction/benefit items that are 1st & 2nd check of the month but not the 3rd (happens a couple of times per year), 2nd check of the month only, etc.4) No garnishments category under deductions.
I can see it by going to Report, P&L and selecting the date range and comparing with the last 11 months however the report shows totals for the year in each month, not each individual months figures like in the Current Financial Years P&L.
Therefore all refunds artificially inflate the bank account balance.- HSBC Bank Feeds not importing all the correct information (although to be fair this might be down to HSBC).The worst of it though is the fact I have to keep chasing Xero support for updates and when I do get updates half the time they make no sense, I imagine they are template responses.What has happend to Xero?
CLUSTER 2698
)We have a POS system that creates a weekly invoice and we import it into Xero.This is settled via various daily cash and credit card deposits into our bank account - the reconciliation occurs so that the invoice becomes fully paid when all deposits are allocated.It is a bit long winded to enter 14 different payments into the actual invoice screen and it would be better if we could highlight a cash deposit during bank import and allocate it to the relevant invoice.
Would it be possible for the leave aprovers to sight leave reports  so for example Approvers can check if employees have enough leave to cover time requested.If other employees have requested leave at the some time and their is enough staff coverage,If other Approvers have approved leave (sick ) ect to make sure all leave is recorded.This came up recently when the Manager of an employee wanted to ensure sick leave was recorded and it was approved by a Director, he could not sight the leave request.
References for payments out of our account have a lot of boilerplate text prefixed and in the reconciliation view they pretty much all look like this:0112 AUD000000001234;RETAIL PUR..0112 AUD000000001235;RETAIL PUR..0112 AUD000000001236;RETAIL PUR..On mouse over of the More Info.. link I get all of the detail - the bit of the reference that actually identifies what it is0112 AUD000000001234;RETAIL PURCHASE;It's a big slow down because I can't see what a purchase was for without moving the mouse and interacting for every single item!
The number of days/hours per week differs greatly so setting days per week and hours per day is nigh impossible.Can you provide a field that could be ticked to indicated the employee is a variable hours employee,  If the field is ticked then the annual leave hours calculation be changed to take holiday pay total and divide it by the hourly rate to provide the number of hours leave the employee is entitled to.Alternatively, could you make it possible to pay holiday pay other than only at termination?Thank you in advance.
I regularly use the "copy to" feature when creating invoices as sometimes the content stays the same, just a few reference, or date changes.I am now finding with the new updates, the 'Copy to" feature adds extra data into the Unit Price and Account column that i have to physically delete each and every line for it to accept my invoice.This is a time consuming feature and not necessary as this is actually not "copying" the invoice, word for word, stroke for stroke.Why the need to add value in that section, when i didn't have it in the original invoice i am copying from.
HiBased in Australia - When I receive insurance bills the grand total is usually broken down into three parts: (1) Premium; (2) GST; and (3) Stamp duty.Example: total bill = $424.71; Premium = $351; GST = $35.10; Stamp duty = $38.61Whatever combination I try I can't get all three to display the exact totals.Any idea how to enter the premium, GST and Stamp duty so that all the correct totals are showing?Thank you.
Hi,I have a situation that I was wondering if anyone had a good solution too.We have just starting using Xero for a Solar Company - we'd like to treat the Rebates as stock, so we can keep track of the comings and goings of them, rather than using a tired spreadsheet.The problem is technically we buy the "stock" from our customer at the time of the invoice (which is actually before the job starts) and sell them to a "supplier".How can I treat this as stock when technically I am selling them before I buy them?I'm thinking it may not be an option - but wondering if any of you Xer-iacs have any thoughts or suggestions?
I have spent much time attempting to reproduce the standard theme invoice behaviour where it displays the discount header and line detail along with the subtotal "(includes a discount of xx.xx)" if the invoice has any discounts entered and hides the column if it does not.I can make the column blank out successfully but I cannot grow the description fields to push the qty and unit price over so it leaves a gap between unit price and amount where the discount used to be...what am I missing in the docx?
We run a small hospitality business and one of the distribution channels we use involves an agent intermediary.The agent takes the booking and receives payment for the reservation direct from the guest, we then invoice the agent for the reservation minus the commission.1) The customer relationship is with the guest and we raise an invoice against their stay and the room booked.2) We need to show that the customer does not owe anything as the payment was taken by the agent.3) We then need to raise an invoice to the agent for the reservation minus commission and  record or reconcile once payment is taken.
-Our Paypal account uses multiple currencies and is linked to your debit card.When we paid our contractors via Paypal with our debit card, we can see the transaction in the TD account record (on paypal) but not in the paypal record where the card is linkedExemple  debit25 Apr 2016PAYPAL *RADU CO 368.15 $CADWe paid Radu colac $288.50 USDCharge From Credit CardOur issue: we never see this transaction on Paypal USD or Paypal CADWe have to create manually each transactionsBolo
However now that I am using a custom DOCX template, my business logo is not visible on the PayNow page (the page which you go to when you click the link in the invoice email which says: "View and pay your bill online".If I switch back to the standard invoice template then I get the business logo on the pay now page, BUT... then I can't customise my invoice to how I want it.If anyone knows how to force a logo on to the PayNow page, whilst using custom DOCX invoice template, please let me know.Really appreciate your ideas.PS Here is a link to what I am referring to.cheersJames
HiI am currently trialling Xero for our registered charity.I am looking at the Account Types and in order for them to fit I need them to change - i.e I need...Donations and legaciesCharitable ActivitiesOther trading activities etc., etc.But I cannot see a way of doing this.If I want to record say a donation I cannot record it as Sales, or Revenue or Other Income because none of these account relate to the FRS 102 that I have been told to follow.Any help is greatly appreciated.Kind regards
A running balance showing an amount considerably larger than $0.00, but $0.00 is the closing statement balance which I assume is the balance for that period being added into the Xero balance.Here you can see the last transaction, the running total for that period, and the resulting closing balance:https://www.dropbox.com/s/9zyfa9iebw4528z/Screen%20Shot%202016-02-10%20at%207.49.51%20pm.png?dl=0Any help here would be hugely appreciated!
From: David Johnson (currentaddress@company.com) (current email address in Xero)To: David Johnson (oldaddress@company.com) (original email address I set up in Xero) Subject: David Johnson has invited you to manage the subscription for xxxIf you have any problems, please contact us at: help@xero.comRegards,The Xero Team"It makes no sense why Xero is trying to send an email to an old address that is no longer even associated with the account.
We are a practise that uses Xero to provide administration support for a number of charities in the UK including Gift Aid Management via the Tracking options.However, Xero was not designed for this function and we are looking for an alternative addon to integrate with Xero but handle all the donation side of things, including generating the gift aid claims and backdating donations once a gift aid declaration has been received.There are lots of old posts in here or posts relating to other countries but no definitive answer.
No luck.I haven't had problems with this in the past, but this particular import seems to have flipped the story, and the debits are acting like credits and vice versa.I've even deleted the imported transactions and given it a go with an import of a CSV bank statement.Same trouble.Only when I changed the signs in the CSV file (negatives to positive and vice versa), did the account balance in xero match the balance at my bank; but now the payments are categorized as spends, and the spends are payments.What's going on here?
Apologies if this is in the wrong place, or my questions are a bit stupid, but I'm trying to make sure I'm going down the right route.I want all our stuff to work easily together and I'm a little confused - I suppose the main one is, should I even be using Xero if I think my business will get to more than 17 invoices a day soon?We did purchase Sage Instant Accounts, but I'm having second thoughts now I've seen Xero.We're having an Opencart store set up (www.dreamkeepers.co.uk) and we are on Amazon and ebay.
I have my Paypal account linked to my business Xero account (as well as my other bank accounts) and I am fine with processing payments FROM other people for sales, but how do I reconcile purchases?There is a debit value in the Paypal transactions for something I have purchased for the business via Paypal, but it ultimately comes off my credit card so the purchase is reconciled against the transaction in my credit card statement, so what do I do with the transaction in the Paypal statement?If I delete it then the balance in Xero does not match my actual Paypal balance?
I will fix up any minor adjustments in July.Could somebody please advise if I am able to create a payrun, which I will get as accurate as possible, post the pay run, this will then provide the ability to create a batch upload for my click super contribution, then make the super payment and afterwards delete the payrun?Click super have advised me that effective 1 July I will be able to login to their website to sort out the minor discrepancies.Therefore the key question I have is can I delete a payrun after is has been used to provide information for a superannuation batch payment?Thanks.
HiWe have just changed over from MYOB AccountEdge to XERO and I'm trying to streamline my payroll categories.Previously we had multiple leave accrual types based on FT, PT, Salary, etc.We have already processed 2 pay runs and I am only now getting a proper handle on all of the differences.I want to move an employees leave balance from an old imported MYOB category (Salary Sick Leave) to the new category that now applies to everyone (Sick Leave).I can't find a way to do this.
alright in i came here from myob, hehe i heard it had better option and less buggy.. how having problem with payroll.. i've added time sheets and all and ran pay roll.. anyhow in wages and salaries report it isnt been recorded when u ran pay...payroll setting  i have the standand setting.. bank account  (where all sales are going into) > 825 (PAYG)  > 477 (Wages) and super - 826 (super payable), 478 (Super)so what am i doing wrong?
It's great you have an add-on for Azure AD for Xero now (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/partners/xero/xero/)Does this add-on support employee logins for payroll, in addition to regular Xero users logins?If so, is this supported in the payroll app Xero Me on iOS and Android?Also, any plans to add automated provisioning to the app to automatically bring new Azure AD users onboard with Xero for true SSO?
It would be ideal if it was able to track overtime hours as well but not a necessity.So far the best/closest I have found is Harvest which has an "offline" mode and syncs later, and its also got some nice detail to the customer side, but from what I have learned, it will only generate an invoice and sync that over to Xero.We use BuilderTrend for our project management tool which has time tracking but again, I dont think the timesheet portion syncs to Xero.If you have any suggestions on other time tracking apps I am all for it.
I sell clients a package of time, say 10 hours of online support & I need a platform that enables:- my clients to create a task online- for me to record that the task took 1 hour online- for me to notify the client of task completion online- for the client to see that s/he has 9 hours remaining on he/r account in a dashboard- if the client buys another hour by paying a bill invoiced by Xero, for the clients account to be magically bumped back up to 10 hours in the dashboard.A huge amount to ask I know!
Almost nine months ago I opened a ticket with Xero Payroll US for a problem preventing me from editing an employee payroll template.I have repeatedly followed up on it for several weeks, but all I could get back is an answer of the kind of: " we are working on it".They are probably still "working on it" and I received no communication since November.This is a typical attitude from the "Beautiful Accounting Software" team, they will just ignore you if they don't feel like giving an answer.If you are considering Xero, know what you are getting into.
Very disappointed with Xero as Intuit has introduced this functionality recently and Xero remains to be silent on the status of this issue.Known Cards  Affected:JetBlue Business Card (jetbluebusinesscard.com)Hawaiian Airlines Business Card (hawaiianbusinesscard.com)American Airlines Aviator Card (www.hawaiianbusinesscard.com - Not the Citi version)Granted... Barclaybank backend is ARCHAIC, but the fact that Intuit supports it makes me feel that Xero has been slacking.
As someone who has taken a considerable amount of personal time to help Xero  identify and fix this problem on their end in order to both help me be assured that future Amex transactions will import correctly and also help Xero improve their software, I am upset that Xero support would indicate to me that I must have edited the file to create this problem.I feel going back and forth with this same technical support person is not fruitful, but I do not know what my options are to get this issue resolved with a team that will listen to my support requests and try to resolve the problems.
HI guysI am new to Xero and still getting my head around everything in comparison to Reckon.Anyway is there a way to tell if I have sent a remittance for a supplier bill I have paid?I thought I was told that it should show under the notes for the supplier but I cant see it there.It is not an easy task to send them after the bill was paid, a bit of a process..Also I am use to having many things open in Reckon such as invoices, bill payments etc but when I have tried to flick to something else in Xero I have lost what I started doing.
Press "Save"Now I tend to make my scanned receipts be fairly small files, say 50KB to 150KB in sizeand I have a 75 Mbit/s downstream connection --- 7.5 megabytes per second.Taking an average 100KB receipt, that should download in 100,000 / 7,500,000 second or 1/75 of a second.But often I am waiting a few seconds for the download to even start, then when it does start I can see the image download creeping forward (it's overlayed over the spinner), bit by bit.
I am finding that using Xero is extremely slow and incredibly frustrating.especially when trying to reconcile a large payment of 237 invoices I have been waiting for well over 10mins for this to process, it has taken me pretty much all day to un-allocate a dozen credit notes applied incorrectly as it was on our biggest suppiler and I had to wait at least 5-10mins everytime for the page to load.......it is actually THE WORST system I have used for speed and it will only get worse the more information we load into it unless something is done.Seriously unimpressed and frustrated.
To start off and in agreeance to the thread;Xero customer support; Started by Sally Bottomley on 31 Aug 2015I to feel that XERO support is woeful, what I find is that XERO as a company does not seems to get is that we have "NOW" problems "TOMORROW" problems and getting back to us in 24hours is the epitome of disconnection with your clients!I have an Accounts employee,  an Administration employee, 2 x Stores/Order finalization employees,  a remote financial controller, an accountant and his assistant and myself as MD.
CLUSTER 2701
I cannot click into this transaction to remove and redo it and when I search for it it comes up under no search.
I would like to get an alert when payroll or other taxes and filings are due.
We search for our customers by account number and we noticed that the global search doesn't find them.
Our businesses (5 in total) all have the same problem where we bill out weekly and we are paid weekly by our clients.
Has anyone worked out what to put in the UK Payroll settings for LEL to PT?
CLUSTER 2702
HIWe are finding more often than not that the Approve button is taking soooo long to approve invoices, if at all, the circle spins around and around - too longOr, you enter your invoice details then click on the approve button, and you think you have entered the invoice, only to find it hasn't been approved/entered at allThis is really noticeable today, since the update/new features, but i cannot find where you look to see what technical issues Xero is aware ofWe really need this sorted so we can get on with businessAt the moment the Approve button is a shaded grey (not the usual Green) and not even giving us the option to Approve?While im here has anyone else noticed when you cllck into a tabbed column on an invoice , say to edit or change the item, qty, price etc,the whole invoice gets filled in with blue?
Hey guys :)Can't seem to find a way to change email notification settings?If you select 'I would like to receive email updates about this discussion" ... but then later want to change your preferences, it's not easy to do so.Can someone tell me how to do this?And perhaps in future, Xero might want to add an 'email preferences' link in the email notification that comes through - so that once you do decide to change the settings, it's easily done directly from your email inbox.Thanks!
CLUSTER 2704
I suspect this is because as the company is on invoice basis the GST is only calculated based on invoice dates.The IRD is clear with the GST guidelines that the time of supply is the earlier of:  1.	 the time an invoice is issued by the supplier or the recipient in respect of that supply; or   2.	 the time any payment is received by the supplier in respect of that supply.
Hi allIn my Profit and loss report the revenue generated figure does not include vat%now that makes sense if i am paying 20% VAT because its money I dont keep but i am on flat rate vat so technically I keep 12.5% of the would be VAT figure that is removed from my revenue generation.
I am Reconciling a bank account and have come across a Cash Drawn from ATM transaction that includes a ATM fee of £1.85.The topic in the link below shows that the payment can be split into ATM fee and Directors Drawingshttps://community.xero.com/business/discussion/4433331/In my case however, the £30 cash drawn is not to be going to the Directors account but should be transferred to peetty cash.
However, I do not want to do this as all wages are tracked to different categories for the purpose of recording wage expense in different capacities - therefore I need to input their hours into their timesheet and then pay accordingly the different wage bracket.Does anybody know how to resolve this?Cheers, Yo.
CLUSTER 2705
But I cannot use other bank accounts, only expense/asset type accounts.Also, I cannot do a receive money transaction in the petty cash account from anything other than another bank account.Please can someone tell me the easiest way to resolve this situation.ThanksJames
My Bank Teller totaled my deposit incorrectly to where the deposit was for 100.00 too much.a few days later the bank withdrew the 100.00 from my checking account.What is the Best way to reconcile this error?When I try to add the deposit into Xero it obviously does not match my bank feed.thanks
A nice-to-have feature here is to see when a certain contractor have actually accessed the file (I think Huddle can do it, but it's faaar to expensive for us).So far I think we will go with Basecamp on this one as others are too complicated with Gantt charts, tasks etc - we don't need those.2) Time tracking.Our consultants are not the most computer literate.
to customer invoices using Xero files () but storage with Xero is currently size limited, and limited only to those in the company who have access to Xero.What would be fantastic is if Xero implemented the option to connect third party repositories such as SharePoint, Alfresco, Dropbox, Google Drive etc.
If someone books a Saturday off it doesn't show that its using up any holiday allowance.Similarly, with part time staff, it seems to assume that they work their stated number of hours over a 5 day week which messes up time off requests as well.
Employee who is working from the beginning  of the year:we set 168 hours accrued annuallyEmployee has 160 hours of leave entered (and approved) in Xero for 2016 (plus 8 hours for 2017)Balance shown in Xero: -168 hours ??
Currently they don’t have a booking system attached to Xero so everything is in the owners head when she is booking weddings in…..she needs to work out what inventory is available on what day.I was wondering if anyone may have come across a booking/inventory app that would facilitate the above?Thanking you!
The most recent email was this Monday 5th December at 4:35pm.The issue is related to super payments failing so it is very important that we resolve this problem so that we can pay our employee's super.I am not happy with Xero support a the moment due to this lack of response.Regards,Geoff.
CLUSTER 2706
Most of these assets have purchase dates before our Xero conversion date.Looking at the Balance Sheet I saw that our Fixed Assets were negative.
Now I have approved them and left with a reporting date for which will be assigned to all of the expenses at once.Now all of my expenses are reported as the reporting date instead of the actual date.
All very good so far.However, after credit card processing fees, the amount deposited does not equal the sum of the invoices included in a batch.
Hi,I'm trying to record PAYG tax paid to the ATO, which also includes a GST credit.ie.
Hi there, apologies if this has been covered elsewhere but I can't find anything on the search results.I have two Xero sets of accounts, one for my own business, the other for a client.
I have paid an employee  annual leave in advance, He is now moving on and I need to offset the leave payment  against his final wage earnings.
And, then to make matters even worse, when I delete a leave application, it doesn't delete, it stays there and says I have "rejected" it, when I have done no such thing!
CLUSTER 2711
Hi all,How can we account for payments made to us from Amazon?Amazon deposits payment less fees and commissions into our account fortnightly.How can we add these fees into Xero?
I see that the original thread on this has been marked as Done and is no longer accepting replies.https://community.xero.com/business/discussion/51511#answerThis is not done.
During reconcile the first page of transactions picks up the auto rules and shows the "OK" button but once i  pass the first page of transactions all the OK buttons disappears.
CLUSTER 2713
there is a charge of 0.4% from the invoice values that we bill to customers.
At the moment Xero only allows me to reprint showing the paid details.
"Basically they are just repeating the information I gave them with no indication of any problems on their end.
CLUSTER 2714
It works fine when I enter in from the 13th day of the month until the 31st day of the month but no good for the 1st day of the month till the 12th day.
a taxpayer is liable for income, which has not been physically received, but has been credited to the taxpayer's account or otherwise becomes available for him or her to draw upon in the future.
Xero gives the option to use GBP or EUR to pay the EUR invoices, however I am actually using my USD to settle the invoice.
hione of my employees bought a computer for work.we would like to deduct the payments from his payroll by applying the fact that this is a deductible expense for a programmer in an it company.
I've dismantled all the figures and can see that the software has created a liablity for the NICs Er and Ee and Income Tax from the previous payroll to date into November's Payroll!
We all have ideas to improve the program and I love it how i can send an email in the feedback box and someone always emails me straight back to help out.
CLUSTER 2715
I entered a new contact on payment terms '7th following date of invoice' but the invoice date showing on the invoice is based on '7th following end of month invoiced'.
So I need to input over 750 memberships from PayPal.I want to be able to see these in the 'sales by item' report, so they must be entered as an item.However they came through PayPal, so I am struggling to account for the fee.
At the moment we manually enter approved staff leave into a shared calendar but ideally this would be fed automatically from Xero Payroll.Can you please advise if functionality like this is on the roadmap or if not, please consider adding it.Thanks.
CLUSTER 2719
Or both account as a whole for registration fee which all GSF free?I am quite confuse on the terms.
My business has 4 separate trading entities all under the one company banner (my Xero file).
I can only view repeating invoices if I come out of the individual account and look through my list of all repeating invoices.
Recently our check numbers stop showing up in the xero from our Wells Fargo checking account.
CLUSTER 2720
Often contact people & details are the same for multiple entities - we should be able to select an existing contact to add to another entity instead of having to add the same contact each time, with no link or correlation.This would also help when the contact details need to be updated - instead of having to manually update each and every contact, you could do it just the once.
However, whilst sense checking to my dismay I realised that the "cash and cash equivalent at the end of the period" does not equal to the cash and cash euivalent balance from the balance sheet or the cash summary report.Any ideas what is causing the difference and how can it be reconciled?Many thanks.
However, they dont work 7.6 hours per day.In retail some work longer hours certain days but totalling 38 hours per week.He has asked how the leave requests should work?
However when the apply for sick leave etc Xero looks at how many days x hours per day that is loaded into their profile e.g 5 days per week, 7 hours per day.
Hi,I use Google Chrome, and have noticed over the last couple of weeks, that when I do a Bank Reconciliation, and I have Bills/Invoices that match, it matches them, but the OK button in the middle is not in line with the left bank line and right Bill/Invoice line.
CLUSTER 2721
Would that work or is that only intended for use with 'Spend Money' outgoing transactions from the bank account?
When I make a provisional tax payment which Income Tax account am I meant to use for this?
Xero support advised that: "You can't reconcile a bank statement line to a manual journal.
When we put everything into growing our business, we can't ignore the numbers game which is driving the business.
CLUSTER 2722
I would find it useful if Xero payroll supported Business and Personal Services Income PAYG Payment Summary types.Throughout the year it is common to come across clients who are caught by the Personal Services Income rules and require the above type of payment summary to be prepared.
Ideally I would like to add deductions for fixed expenses to the individual RCTI's as required (there are both regular and irregular deductions required) and email them automatically once reviewed.Have had a look at DataDear but not sure if it could cater to all of the above.Any advice would be most welcome.
CLUSTER 2726
I still have the monies already entered from the conversion into our bank acount so this is creating a double entry.
The credit card account cannot be accessed online therefore all entries will be manual.ThanksDuncs
Or conversely if I enter a part on a blank PO, the supplier from the inventory is filled in automatically.-Tom
While I can send them a statement, it would handy to be able to filter the statements based on the reference field.
I'd like to be able to see when changes were made to inventory items, who made the changes, and what was changed.
But I'm not sure on the process of creating an invoice to send to a customer that would put them in credit for that amount.
Hey guys, i know this has been mentioned before in here but is there any update if this issue with the PayPal refunds is going to be fixed?
Hello,I'm trying to make a bonus payment to a staff member and wondered how I do this?Thank you
I booked both space with the same figure and run the payroll , but the report has not been showing any accrued amount , only the balance .
CLUSTER 2729
I do not think that this needs to be common knowledge to all who approve the holidays, so could this please be restricted.
I am in the event industry and have bene using Quotient App as a contract which works very well for me.
It now asks for the customers address but the country defaults to blank and only shows American states.
Can I split an employee's pay to direct deposit to two different bank accounts?
It goes by threes, so if the first employee is John Smith, then pages 1-3 will be for him.
CLUSTER 2731
I am not sure which VAT rate to use.I know that for services we buy from Ireland I use the Reverse Charge Expenses (20%) but what should I use on sales.The service would be subject to 20% VAT if sold in the UK.
I consistently have the problem where I export the CoA to modify in Excel and then reimport but Xero always deletes/archives and replaces most of the accounts but not all.I cannot work out how Xero does this although with the latest export/modify/import, it did not change any of the accounts with amounts in them.
I have posted a pay run for the previous fortnight, the payment date set one day in advance of the current date and when I click on the button for Pay Run Options, the option to 'create draft invoice' is missing.
CLUSTER 2732
I have this issue 3 times, first time, I could tell where was wrong, the issue was solved within couple of months, 2nd time, it took more than 1 year, this is the 3rd time.
Do I go back and change every sales invoice so that it goes to the sales ledger control account and if I do what happens when the invoice is paid does xero automatically change the account to sales on the invoice.
My problem is that I am currently having 3 bank accounts in Xero: a regular one, a Currency Fair USD account and a Currency Fair GBP account (I have statements for these two currencies on the platform).
Quickbooks zeroes out the VAT control to AR or AP so that when the payment is made or received it is dealt with outside of the VAT Control and the VAT Control therefore always agrees to the VAT Reports
Greetings all.I'm a small scale UK retailer of men's fashion online, not an accountant by any means but like to think I'm smart enough to deal with it at the moment given a bit of time and research.
It is tedious and time consuming to open a new tab go to contacts, we then need to click on Edit so we can now see all the email addresses to be able to choose the one we want and then cut and paste.
Naturally, I don't expect it to create a bank transfer file but I do expect that it would create one transfer line that would match up with the total payment that I have manually done in the banking site.
I can calculate a ratio, eg gross profit margin but it only displays as a decimal number, not as a % (eg 0.76 instead of 76%).Please can we have an option to show the formula answer as a percentage?
I would like to be able to run the reconciliation report and when it shows all the outstanding Payments and outstanding Receipts have the option to select tick box on the left of the transactions and remove and redo these please..
We'd love a report that shows which of your employees haven't submitted their timesheet for the pay period.That time of month comes around again and there doesn't seem to be a simple way to show who's slow in submitting their timesheet for the period.
Or should all outgoings be paid directly from Booking Fees and I just transfer the Booking Fees from one account to another?I have bills ready to input but a bit worried that my flow isn't correct.Thanks for your help
Hello allI am now on my third bookkeeper this year and none so far have used Xero.I am considering a move to Sage but really don't want to My accounts on Xero are up the wall and inaccurate to say the least.
Basically it's this (as an example not real numbers):In Bank have $5,000In Xero shows Bank as having $12.51Not sure what to look for or where to start to correct the problem... any idea would be very helpful.
Is it possible to have a "previous financial year" on the date options to make it easier to refer back to the year we are working in, rather then going through and changing the date every time you go out of a report?
I've double checked my credentials directly on the bank's login page and they are working so the problem is either from xero, Yodlee or any kind or param I should do on my societe generale account.Can you help me?Thanks in advance,
i just added new expense account, in the drop down list on Expense claim>Current Claim›New Receipt>account   the list on expense does not include the new expense account i just created.
This comes in as a separate transaction and I code it to my Bank Fees account like all other PayPal fees.A problem occurs when PayPal has a zero balance and the money is automatically taken from your bank account.
As a property investment company the existing invoice set up of "Item, Description, Qty, Unit Price, Disc%, Account" does not suit my needs of issuing invoices for rent payable to us.
But when i upload this template on Xero, it will not change the InvoiceDate with +28 days added.So if anybody knows how to display such message on my template then its really work for me.Thanks in advance.Kind regards,Vipul
I'm left always and only with an 'approve' option.Across the company this self-approve behaviour is inconsistent with the various settings and flags that may be driving it.That is, some people can select their authoriser, and others cannot.
HiJust wondering if it is possible to record annual leave in Days rather than in Hours?I have a client who prefers to track Leave in days - but i can't figure out how to change the Unit that leave is recorded in.ThanksMitchell.
Bit confused by Leave Status item in Approve Leave screenHave leave that has been taken in a pay run showing as Status "Approved"Does the status not change after leave has been taken and paid?
Under the leave tab in employee tab you need to drill into the leave to see the hours whereas prior to upgrade I am sure you could see leave hours next to leave applied for.
So now I'm looking at 2 entries, one for 8 hours and the other for 4 hours instead of a nice tidy single entry for 12 hours.The same issue shows up for any type of leave.2.
Two employees have submitted time sheets for approval via the My Payroll function, and I have received email notifications to advise that the time sheets have been submitted, but I when I log in to approve them, I can't see them.Any ideas?
It is far harder to read with the smaller fonts used, the sections are less delineated and, personally, it looks like a payslip you'd print from a old budget DOS based payroll system.
I have a client that has switched to Xero and they pay CoInvest which is a LSL scheme where by the employer pays 2.7% of base wages to a LSL scheme (similar to super) but specific to the Building industry.
I classify this time as PTO which they typically use to offset any hours they missed during the pay period.I now want to give each employee five paid days off annually to motivate them to take a vacation.
After an email, I have received two phone calls to help resolve my problem.Although it would be nice to be able to call in directly, I must say the customer service to pretty great.
Is Xero as crude as making us use the Government gateway to pay the billAllocate when the revenue take the payment (against chart of accounts) and work out (or check chart of accounts) our own net balances ?
Hi all,We've been setting up Xero's Payroll to use NEST as it's pension scheme, and we've set up what we believe are all the necessary pension details between Xero's employees, and the matching employees within the NEST scheme.
Now that I am supposed to add them in, I'm not sure whether it is the actual YTD figures, or the YTD as they would have been when I started using the software ie 0?If it's the current YTD, is this info anywhere else on Xero?
When I then view my pay run for the period 1st August to 31st August (which would include a final payment to the employee) the employee does not appear in the Employee list for that pay run period.
Any tips?IODM provides a workflow to automate the entire AR cycle, helping you monitor and collect receivables, improve cash flow and reduce time & cost.For more information, check out .
Is there an app in the Marketplace that allows Microsoft Dynamics 365 to talk to Xero?We would love to be able to invoice via Dynamics 365, while still using Xero as the back end.
Continuaously have to check what has been uploaded and then re-upload and wait another week for it to be processed.I don't know if this is a tactic to get people to move to the paid version, but it does not give any confidence that the program actually works.
You will be commissioned to help DataDear customers who need to integrate the DataDear App into their reporting packs or who will need to create custom Excel-based models to meet key business requirements.
I am currently looking at transferring the accounts and payroll to Xero for our UK construction company but have instantly found concerns regarding Xero's ability to handle CIS payments and Auto Enrolment.
At the moment we use paper sheets and manually plug into a spreadsheet.So the Jeweller writes Job Number, store description, time taken, metal used (gms) and gemstones or other materials.
Hi There...Has anyone had experience with Sky Street Retail and being an Add-On to Xero?How well does the integration work.Any issues to consider?Does it match to the bank?Any feedback will be greatly appreciated!..Thank youAlex
Strikes me as entirely disingenuous to tag every reply from UK 'Support' (i use the term advisedly) with the Canstar Most Satisfied Customers Award.What relevance is an Australian award to UK service ?
I now have 1 day left with no way of knowing what I am doing wrong and with no help.It's probably something simple, but with no helpline I'm stuck and tomorrow I am going to have to complete the whole certification again to become qualified.Not very happy .......
I often use the feature 'copy invoice' as I invoice a number of the same clients each month, but with differing details.In doing this it seems to come up with a new screen, and then throws up multiple errors after adjusting the invoice.
If they are not then we can make a wise business decision and move on rather than waiting on promises and vague time frames.I'm not the only one saying it, but it appears more time, money and energy is being spent on marketing than in development.
CLUSTER 2740
Hi thereWe has used personal cash to purchase materials for a jobHow do I now add these purchases of expense to my xero acc to have the purchases recorded & in turn to claim gst on them?...Your help would be so much appreciated, please keep it really simple as I am just a learner & after searching on here for ages are finding everything but!thank you
I'm guessing this is intentional, because if I put that file on AWS S3 to test the difference, it downloads in 1.49s.Chrome Network tab, examples of download speeds:* 2MB jpeg from xero files: http://1drv.ms/1LpW9ER* same 2MB file from S3: http://1drv.ms/1LpWI1m
I need to run a report that shows all the transactions and all the details of those transactions (so I can scan through the list to make sure all the details have been correctly entered, ie allocated to the correct account and tracking category) but I need to also be able to see which bank account the transactions are related to.
Hi there,I can only get the total of units sold for Australia, with the Sales by Item report.But I need to know the number of products I sell per State (in NSW, VIC..)Unfortunately, I can't use the tracking categories to customize this report..Any idea / add-on to remedy this problem?Thanks a lot,Clément
CLUSTER 2741
HI,I am trying to enter 2015 conversion balances but only for the purpose of entering a Trial Balance and preparing EOY financials.
When using the HMRC's flat rate scheme it seems as though I need to enter all my domestic inputs as the gross value with no VAT identified.
I had a check lost in the mail and then the vendor received and cashed both checks, even after I told them to void the first lost check in case it did arrive.
i.e employee A's gross wages go to 'Wages - Employee A' not lumped together in 'Wages & Salaries'At the moment to do this we need create a separate pay item for each employee.
I can see credit note applied and payment applied on the online invoice but when i print pdf to send to customer it adds all into one amount as a payment.
Not a huge issue, but wanted to make you aware that the website field in Contacts > View Contact does not recognize the .co TLD.Thanks for a great product!
Any tips?i2B Supplier Portal is designed to manage and share the flow of Xero purchasing information (from order to shipment to invoice) with your suppliers.
CLUSTER 2742
BUT when printing/emailing statements  the process doesn't identify the theme assigned to the customer and we have to go to all sorts of lengths to separate out customers and do separate statement runs in order to pick up the desired theme/match to the customer groups.
I have tried to enter "Look up rate" and "Sales Tax Lookup" but those don't seem to carry through to the Invoice Drafts.What is the wording I need to enter in order for the sales tax lookup to work automatically upon import?
CLUSTER 2743
Hi All - reaching out for help.I would be grateful if you could please advise what the best procedure is to write off and write down open invoices within XERO.The write offs relate to invoices where part payment has been received or no payment will be received, the write down relates to an agreement to reduce the payment balance required.Many thanks in advanceRegardsPaul
Hi, as Xero has 5 different countries at the moment, some of the updates only apply specifically to certain countries, like the payroll update for the UK today.If possible, can we have a heading for the notice that says "NZ only", "Aus only", "UK only", "US only", "Global only", "All", or any combination of these, so that we don't have to read the whole notification, only to discover that is does not apply to our country.This will prevent us from becoming jealous or frustrated if the notification is not for us.
Hello Xero forum...Nearly loving Xero but just need to iron out the last few issues to get it all running smoothly.I've tried asking this question via support but despite getting a ticket number early yesterday I haven't received any reply as yet.Basically..
CLUSTER 2745
If we open the invoice and add a payment, only our base currency accounts (i.e.
A report similar to a statement but for quotes.To show a client all the outstanding quotes they have in with you.
Then at the end of the month when the invoice is created I add that payment onto the invoice.
When doing the Bank rec the system tries to guess which invoice (if any) to match a payment with.
CLUSTER 2749
If I run depreciation that shows on the balance sheet but doesn't pull through the asset costsAny ideas anyone (I'm guessing there is an icon somewhere that I need to click on)Thanks
They all assumed I already knew what it was.I simply would like to know what exactly it means to  a report?Did a reconcile and choose "publish" but I have no idea what it even did.Any help appreciated.Thx!-matt
"If I only try and import single-line purchase invoices, everything goes fine, so clearly it is the multiple-line purchase invoices that are causing the problem.
It won't let us hit 'yes' under "calculate leave accrual" which made me suspicious we are not doing it correctly.If we are, the next question is, do we deduct those hours from the ordinary pay?
CLUSTER 2750
Greetings , We are a small property maintenance business and need to process 3rd party contractors receipts, I have 2 questions I am hoping someone can help me with1/ We had a big bulk of receipts which I added under one expense claim ( probably not the right way to do it but we are new to this & there was a big backlog :) ) we have part paid some of them back to the contractor but I can not find and match individual receipts to the corresponding payments ( like you can with invoices ) if I search for the supplier on the receipt e.g.
8 of which is explained by the first issue but to try and verbally (or even on paper) explain the other issue to employees is really difficult.They struggle to understand why they cant just have the part Annual Leave accrual added to their payslip, rather than waiting for the full amount in the next fortnight.It all makes sense to us pen pushers but for the general employee it is really confusing and they are left wondering why their payslip, which should be their go-to point, is always a little misleading.
CLUSTER 2756
I have had sales of stock at an event and one bank transaction is cash, the other bank transaction is funds from credit cards but I want to put to one 'receive money' transaction so I can list all the stock sold at the event but apply the 2 deposits to it.
(I am rather new to xero, so am happy to corrected if it is already incorporated)  Processing ETPs is such a normal part of the payroll and it is a complete pain to process the ETP manually and then again at year end when doing PAYG payment summary reporting.
CLUSTER 2758
?I would appreciate a quick response as have a VAT return to do for someone urgently.I have noticed that No VAT items are included in the VAT audit report, but assume that these amounts are not included in Box 7 of the VAT return?
However today when I refreshed the bank feeds, all Current Account transactions were incorrectly imported to the Savings Account, and Xero also created duplicates as it has imported all transactions for the last month which have already been downloaded and reconciled in the Current Account!
CLUSTER 2759
Sounds like something small but surprised this slipped through the net.
My employee's are paid allowances based on km worked & hours.
CLUSTER 2760
This may be a simple question, but I'm just a beginner so go easy!I have two organisations set up in Xero.Company A based in New Zealand (NZ)Company B based in Australia (AU)While we were getting our Company B setup for banking in Australia, all of our transactions in Australia were going through our Company A bank account (Visa)(I think) We need to transfer these into our Company B organisation in Xero and I was wondering the best way of doing this.Thanks,Andrew
the whole expenses item needs some work to it.sowhen I create expenses and assign them to a customer (which is still a flakey process on top of the fact you cannot assign to a customer post approve/authorise in retrospect) via the IoS app.Eventually the expenses are approved/authorised.when creating invoice I you can assign expenses to the invoice BUT they are the individual items.I need the ability to add the sum of rebillable expenses for a period so it is a single line item; then when the invoice is generated a detailed expense breakdown can be appended.can this be done in the current release?
There has been discussion on this but nothing recent I run a camping site, and we sell pitches through 3rd party websites- payment is made via their website say &#163;50 - they take &#163;7.50  - I get the &#163;42.50 transferred into my account, at which point I can reconcile  How do I account for the &#163;7.50 as a cost, as obviously I am unable to reconcile with the bank feed I have setup an account for these costs, but is it an expense, a purchase ?
It seems I was wrong, as the following seems to apply:- it is not possible to use more than one invoice template per invoice, so my idea of choosing from say three chase letters will not work.- no audit trail is left on the invoice record of anything other than the first invoice which was sent- no audit trail is left on the customer record of when a statement was sent by email.So all in all I am left wondering how others carry out the credit control function on Xero especially with a biew to being able to track back with a demonstrable audit trail of how an outstanding debt has been communicated to a debtor - a requirement of the courts should it get that far.Any suggestions or am I missing something fundamental here?
However, we want to -be able to use the barcodes already printed on the boxes the goods being delivered to us-Keep track of inventory levels and notify the moderator via email when a certain items inventory level is running low-Allow of easy inventory counts using the barcode reader-Creates a usage frequency for each item so that we know how much of each item is used monthly-The program should be simple and easy to use for multiple users on the shop floor.
CLUSTER 2764
What I thought I would do is create fake bank accounts for each of these businesses in Xero and then when I get to September in entering my transactions I would cancel or close the fake account and then pick up with the real account.
They have just contacted me to say that the company name and address that we have been using on their invoices is incorrect and they would like me to issue credit notes for each of these invoices and then re-issue new invoices with the correct name and address.
HII have imported sales invoices as purchase invoices, I then imported credit notes to reverse them but then I have paid the invoices through a contra bank account and now the credits are showing as outstanding, how do I fix it please
all supplier invoices are saved in a folder in My Documents so when I click upload file, I want it to go directly to that folder so I can select the files without clicking through the various folders to get to it.Thanks.
I've decided to print the transactions for the whole year for this account but I can't do this on Xero without it taking upwards of 40 pages, even though there are only 400-odd transactions.
When processing the pay run and running the pay advices the leave shows as paid, however, the leave balance is still showing the full leave accrued and has not zeroed out the leave accrual amount.
CLUSTER 2765
I use the in box and subfolders as a way to manage my workflow.Currently I email in all bills to xero as a way of consolidating bills to be paid.
Many people put all their trust in bank feeds without going back to basics and checking the statement.
CLUSTER 2766
In order to report against separate budgets, I need to be able to map transactions in my accounts to fit within the grant budget account codes.
I need to reconcile these transactions, but to which account?If I reconcile to Federal Income Tax Payable, the transactions show up as liabilities (i.e.
I'm thinking its a bit like creating a contingent liability for the income, and then reducing that liability when I spend it, but not sure how bet to do it - manual journal entries?
Will I still be able to capture the GST on the items if I code them appropriately (GST exclusive etc)?Thanks  - all help appreciated!
HiI have noticed that when running the gst reconciliation report the Balance as per the report does not match the GST account balance.
Regardless, when the employee looks at the time off history the request only shows the hours requested, which can be misleading if the request was approved with a different number.
I have been advised by an accountant that I have been processing it wrong....The client is non gst registered.When purchases are entered I have always entered them exactly as the invoice received.
All the detail of the transfer is actually in the Description or Reference line, making it very easy for mistakes to occur when clients get "OK Happy."
CLUSTER 2767
Hi,Im looking for the simplest way to record the items that i purchase for resale.
When I went to the Xero website today to login, I noticed something odd.
Fassett’s Bookkeeping Services are experts using Xero accounting software.
CLUSTER 2768
We accidentally transferred some money to our personal account, which was then transferred back to the business account once we realised the mistake.I now have two transactions to be reconciled, one to the personal account and then the same amount back to the business account.What's the best way to go about reconciling these?Thanks,Rachel
I would simply manually overwrite the incorrect values each time I run payroll, but Xero displays the daily rate for every bank holiday or day's annual leave taken which makes it very onerous.
I would like to request the ability to search for invoice by invoice number when trying to reconcile against a payment.Currently when I receive a payment via Stripe against an invoice I can see the INV-xxxx number.
Does anyone know if there is a way to use different wages expense accounts for different employees?At the moment I'm going to have to do a manual journal to split out directors, direct and non direct wages after the wages journal has been generated.
CLUSTER 2769
See the screen shot: I am not sure what the problem is - should add that I imported this invoice.. but I have imported many before this and they all work fine.If I click OK and proceed and make the payment the amount doesn't show up on my P&L.Any help would be much appreciated.Rgds,Scott
To me what I see here is just sales figures so its giving me a figure of say €2000 in vat but I can't see where it takes away the vat on purchases.Can someone please please please explain it to me like I'm a child.
I've looked through various discussions and I'm happy about concept of recording provision for Corporation tax (500 & 830), but if you are paying nothing (offsetting) due to retained losses how do you record that and thus bring down (up) the carry forward value?
Plus they are very busy business owners and do not have the time, and they are paying us for a service but we are being hindered by some major banks refusing to spend money providing feeds to all type of bank accounts when other banks do not have a problem!
However when I checked the Leave Transaction Report it is not showing annual leave taken (it is showing opening balances and annual leave accrued).The annual leave taken is showing on the payslips as annual leave.
I have added myself to see what it's like but the only wage type i can add is ORDINARY EARNINGS> We have 3 different type of pay scales, $ per midweek, $ per weekend and $ manager pay rate per hour.
CLUSTER 2771
I would have to go back and for each deposit sort out which individual payments/deposits in the Xero register.
How do you ensure that its taken up correctly over the 12 months, not the 10 months the payment is occurring.My thought is this:1.
Currently all classifications appear and employees have to choose their classification from amongst multiple options.
I love the layout of the template, and don't want to have to re-create this in word docx, which looks frustratingly fiddly.
The payment later shows up in the bank statement unmatched and still needing reconciled.
CLUSTER 2777
I have sent the first 200 but then when I came to do the next batch its telling me I've sent out too many emails and to try again later!
When recording Insurance premiums expenses - do they just attract the regular 10% gst on the premium or is there an adjustment that needs to be done?
They all make the business money apart from Xero (which will save money if I use it correctly), so are they assets or purchases?
The alternative is to go to the Reports tab and set up the cash flow from the Cash Summary each time it needs to be run.
Anyone else want to see Xero add the ability to print a supplier invoices / RCTIs?
Somehow, Bank of China just directly returned the payment to us with $4,200USD to our USD account.
It seemed like more than a little bit of a coincidence that the staff letters were all dated the same day as my week 1 FPS.
CLUSTER 2780
Similar to the "bulk payments" option but for individual payments.
I can't figure out how to create a VAT only invoice in Xero though.
CLUSTER 2786
This works OK but would I still have to manually update payable invoices to gross up the line items (i.e.
However it has only brought across feeds from April, when there are transactions on our bank account dating back to January.
I've gone in there and viewed the adjustments in multiple different screens and not one of them allows me to edit the adjustment.
i am now on cash scheme, but when i change to Cash Scheme it seems to render all the previous VAT to cash scheme .
Is there a way to send a "summary invoice" to the client (just total) but also record the itemised entries?Thanks.
CLUSTER 2795
For example the Fixed Asset Drafts will not show all items in Firefox but will in Chrome.
The old supplier refunded the money but I couldn't find a way of matching the income to the overpayment.
CLUSTER 2796
I'm busy running a business, finding the hours required to complete this is not an option!My only option now is to set up a new account and import account data etc but i cannot see where this option is possible.
Then as we pay for invoices the money is deposited into the specific cash exchange.Every day we get deposits that we're reconciling and I can create a good set of rules but I don't seem to create a rule that allows me to do a transfer.
I've done a unscheduled pay run - I've added in the reimbursement, it shows up the total to be paid in the payslip screen, but when I return to the pay run screen, the net pay showing is zero.
But has been stuck at pending ever since, almost 7 days.Have emailed support who say they have escalated it to the product team to investigate on the 30th but I am still stuck with a pending submission.
CLUSTER 2797
They even transferred all invoices from the previous financial year and have been very helpful.
Hello, Our bank feeds can't be refreshed over a week, there are a numbers of transaction.
CLUSTER 2804
It is not often that you need the whole history of the client or supplier when looking for something and seems a waste of time to have to sit and wait and then specify dates required.
This is a requirement when importing invoices from another system that generates a unique invoice number - the actual suppliers invoice number is used as the second reference.---
Hi,We have a number of General Managers and Line Managers who have authority to approve leave but they are not always timely approving the requested leave of staff members.
I'm new here and just created and sent my first invoice, hooray!But, my client tells me she hasn't received the invoice, boo!Is deliverability of Xero email generally pretty reliable?
Then, once the payment has been made to the employee super funds, the bill is marked as paid, and the Superannuation Liability account is updated via the bill.Thanks
However, in the draft pay run my PAYE tax is showing a negative figure of -&#163;412.20 (hence showing I am owed that amount).
Any tips?Connect Xero and all of your add-ons to create custom reports for complete, real-time visibility across your businessFor more information, check out .
CLUSTER 2808
I have checked a few of the other payslips for the period and they are also all incorrect - I assume all of them will be.
Our employees now get taxed between $1 and $10 more than in June.
CLUSTER 2809
The customer has to invoice us for the value but our accounts needs to see this value being owed so our balance sheet liability correct.
My client asked me to set up xero and enter 6 months worth of data so that all info will show for the full financial year.
!I have tried with the new system but it is adding Employer NI, even though I am claiming the initial allowance and not adding Employee NI when it should.
CLUSTER 2810
Please enable the client queries to be emailed to more than one person?
This all works great up to the point where I wan to setup budgets and track against these.
The latter 2 aren't so important, but you really need to have date ranges.
CLUSTER 2811
If I paid a transport company to deliver the car I'm pretty sure it would have been a COGS but because I picked up the item and transported it myself I'm not sure.
HiI'm trying to post some purchases into the inventory account, but when I'm going through the list of accounts to post it to, Inventory is not one of the options.
At the moment we use an excel template for this one - but we would like them to go to a web-site and enter their number of days.
I have 20 before and after photos of a job site and I need to either add them to the File Library or attach them to the Invoice 1 at a time.
Hi Everyone,I run an import business in Australia, and find that the purchase order functionality is a little light on functionality.
We have been aware of the Early Adopter Pricing Adjustments to the monthly fees but didn't notice until now that they only applied to 1 company and the trust.
CLUSTER 2812
Instead of just matching those deposits to the sales accounts, I want to split it out to Sales, Sales Tax, Shipping and Credit Card Fees.
However, as it appears to me, I now have to manually match every invoice paid every day to be able to reconcile the EFTPOS settlement amount.
Hey, I'd love some help, when I click on the green arrow to repeat the amount I have added in Budget Manager, it changes what it does each time.
I am trying to set-up leave for two employees.I have been doing fortnightly payruns quite happily since the year began but not recording leave in Xero.
CLUSTER 2815
Hi Is it possible to have either job code options or the ability to code hours worked to a particular customer to be invoiced out when required.
Currently I have to run a P&L filtered by the first category and all categories for the second and input into excel to produce month end reports.
CLUSTER 2817
Now the bank recon is out, the sales invoice is in credit.When we tried to "remove and redo" Xero don't let us and just keep on giving error messages.
They do not want me to send them hundreds of invoices each week, they want a statement or something similar to show what is outstanding, but each item has to have the address on it for that particular sale.
I tried to download a statement from my bank with all transactions but it just wanted to add them all as new despite the fact that almost all are duplicates.Please help if you have any ideas or this has happened to you.
I only need to see it for a second or so to know who has posted the payment BUT the grey speech bubble won't go away until you click the very small button in the top right.
Hi, we don't use Xero purchase orders as it is not convenient for our business, but I need to be able to include our purchase order number on the bill when it is entered into Xero.
Can anyone share their experience of this and also I can't find anywhere a reference to charity pricing (just a hope as my clients are small charities will limited budgets)
Hi AllI would like to add a different number sequence in addition to the existing one for sales invoices, but can't see any way of doing this.
Any tips?A fully featured, web based veterinary practice management package - manage all aspects of your practice in the cloud, check out .
CLUSTER 2820
It shows the correct bank balance once I restore those deleted entries, but then of course it's out of balance.Anything I'm doing wrong here?
I've clearly messed up here, or does Xero send my details separately?Looks like I have to resend the invoice, or do I?
It shows us when all is said and done, is the organisation actually making money or going backwards month to month.
I know that I can always click back to the dashboard and find it there but it makes no send not to have this in the Accounts Receivable section too.
I also have to work out what hours were not added to the previous month's payroll because of the timing issue - which gets complicated.
CLUSTER 2824
I need to be able to load opening accumulated depreciation to an asset purchased in the current income year.
I need to be able to move those liability accounts out of the cash balances to make this report actually do what it's supposed to do ...
I need a ledger for each customer which shows the cash received from them and expenses incurred to deliver their service and a balance.
CLUSTER 2826
I could change the conversion balance but would prefer a better way.
Once under Direct Wages and once under Salaries.Does anyone know the right way to avoid this?
CLUSTER 2827
Currently, the GST audit report only displays the sales invoice number when the Reference field is kept empty.
I want to search all the bills excluding the ones sent by Supplier A & Supplier B (plus date range)4.
I tried creating new csv files and entering the dates manually but I would always get the same result.
whenever I buy anything from that same milkshake shop, it is registered as me taking money out of the business (adding to the total of what I owe the business).
My only problem is that we use pre printed paper, and when an invoice runs on to a second page, the layout does not work.
We do a payroll for a larger organisation and when we go to email the payslips the pop up box doesn't allow for scrolling up to select all.
I have just tried to add a new employee in preparation for 1 April, and the Date of Birth field is mandatory.
CLUSTER 2828
On the second line I put the withholding tax as a negative amount under the Withholding Tax Paid code.But how do I reconcile this as my imported bank statement lines are two separate entries but my Xero transaction I have entered here is only one transaction?
She has been using it since Oct 15 and has just over 600 bank transactions....her bank is out so I am having a look for her.Her bank feed is on... (only for the last few months), but all her transactions (purchases) have been allocated to codes and not to any purchase invoice's.
Gross wages for fortnight of $3,256.10 is calculating PAYG tax in Xero at $696.00, when it should be $808.00 on the fortnightly tax tables.Has anyone else checked this?Dave B
My experience with Xero payroll to date is that it is not particularly friendly to organisations that use variable hours staff.At the moment, we are making it work by entering 0 days, 0 hours and a pay rate when setting up employees.
CLUSTER 2829
We would like to keep our tracking records up to date so we know where our assets are when this happens however, Because of locked periods we are unable just to change the tracking of a fixed asset with out unlocking the period for ALL USERS!The "stop all users (except advisers)" function is not working but we don't want to have to unlock the period at all.Can you please look at making tracking an editable feature in fixed assets without having to unlock periods?Thank you
When a client replys online asking a question about a quote sent, it is sent back to us from the "noreply email" within xero.It would be helpful if the clients email address is included in this email (and Quote reference or title) so we can just reply to the query without having to go back into xero and find the quote see who it was from and then copy the email address from there into our New email to send a reply off.
Instead they are left at zero value.Although staff are being tracked by the correct category, Xero have told me that staff costs don't pull through onto the profit and loss when filtered by compare tracking options.Surely in Xero all the tracking is in place, the report is in place, it just needs to reflect the values being tracked instead of showing a default zero value.As we are a service based business, being able to see staff costs relative to tracking categories would be hugely informative.
I coded that returned payment to the Wages expense account and added the amount to the next pay run with correct bank details.Now, at EOFY time, her Payment Summary is incorrect as it thinks she was paid this twice and doesn't know about the returned payment.Can I adjust one of those pay runs to remove that payment?Thanks in advance.
CLUSTER 2832
But more "beautiful design" would eliminate the need for this ;-).Thanks for listening.
I am only able to do it month by month but want to get the monthly totals.
She has managed to give people leave from a leave account that doesn't exist.
CLUSTER 2838
HSBC Aus feeds are available but not NZ?, got copious clients stuck on Banklink until this is resolved
And afterwards we doing the payment approval on the same date for all the Expenses Claims The question is,once we doing the report for account detail transaction1.
For some reason there have been duplicate receipts added and also i need to edit 2 claims to remove the GST from them..
And it doesn't make sense why you have to create leave application when you only want to convert unused leaves to cash.
Now within Xero, see the emails exchanged with each contact to access all your key customer information in one place.
CLUSTER 2840
Dear Xero Dev Team,Although we're able to append variables into the email template, the end-users are constantly requesting information on which invoice pertains to which month.
When completing the Tax Declaration for an employee, I would like to see the "Tax Free Threshold Claimed" option automatically default to being unticked if the "Australian Resident for Tax purposes" is unticked.
But this parameter is not set after import, meaning that you manually need to edit each invoice draft and set the Tax Rate again.The sample import CSV file has a column TaxType.
I have been through the app marketplace in detail and couldn’t find anything that matches, but before I start looking outside of Xero, I thought I’d just quickly check in to see if you anyone had any suggestions?Thanks!Donna
CLUSTER 2841
Am I missing something?I need to be able to assign petty cash purchases to match the particular cost codes therefore I can't just set up Petty Cash as an account, it needs to be a Bank Account I think?Any ideas?Thanks
It's great that the dashboard shows a visual indication of Bills to Pay and Invoices owed to us however, as this is a self scaling visualisation it would be much better if a scaled, graduated Y axis was displayed also.
If I try to print from xero now it prints the whole list and as we have several customers I obviously do not want to print all of them.We were using Sage and at the moment we prefer it and are considering going back to it so I'll really appreciate any improvements.
Xero defaults to the standard amount.It would be fantastic if we are able to set the default minimum monthly earnings in the Payroll Settings so that we don't have to remember to manually change the amount each time a new employee's pay template is set up.
• Each has its own bank account(s) and must be accounted for separately but ultimately the accounts have to roll up into the parent company for reporting purposes.Can I use XERO to manage the accounts for this type of company structure and what package do I have to buy?
(it should be the other way round)Employee has just passed his 6 month anniversary so Xero gave annual leave.I have swapped the scheduled around now but Xero still says that there is annual leave available and no sick leave.Should I wait?
The goal is to to reduce the amount of time spent making purchases and keeping track of inventory.If we could schedule a call to discuss a potential software that would be greatly appreciated.Thanks, Dylan
Currently if I had to change the business name on an invoice or correct it I have to change the contact file to the new details, void the invoice and then re-create it so that I can re-send with the correct details in the "To" field.This doesn't seem correct and creates a lot of useless data entry if I have to re-do an invoice just to change this.
CLUSTER 2842
However setting it up and managing is very time consuming, and it's more of a sledge hammer to hammer a nail in regards to just accepting payment from the pay now button.Any suggestions?I'm in Australia, so an Australian solution would be good.
Apologies if this already exists as an FR but can't find it among the 2000+ search results!The Xero Touch app allows you to approve and send a draft invoice in one process.
If a client does not have an invoice number but still has the order number it is then easy to locate it just by looking in the new reference column now in the "View Recent Invoice" files.5.
The current Xero set up allows additional VAT codes to be set up but these all run through the core 820 VAT account and impact the UK VAT return.
I tried to do it by way of finding transactions during the reconciliation process and ticked all the expense claims and clicked reconcile and this took way too long and nothing happened, it seemed Xero just froze.
The currency is all USD and we are currently using openerp system but ts not able to handle the accounting module like it should so we switched over to Xero and planning to get an inventory add that will help us.
CLUSTER 2843
I noticed that there is not a specific report pack for superfunds in the partner edition.Is there a work around for this?
Being able to change sort order by grabbing headers and moving them to the order you want.
Is there a way to use Contact default settings when generating an invoice or credit note?
I am pretty new to xero and I can see that this question has been answered before but with no definite results that I can see.
HelloIs there any way to customise a receipt that gets sent to customers when I do batch deposit.
So I've searched everywhere but I can't seem to find an answer to this basic question: how do you delete contacts?
CLUSTER 2845
I have spent a bit of time structuring my contacts and categorising my clients, suppliers etc.I would like to transfer this directly across to Xero without going through the whole process again but can't seem to do that.
Please add in the options a , (That Xero users can switch on or off) so we have to allocate income or expenses to a department (if we want to) when reconciling.Feature request: Xero prompts me to select a department when reconciling if my prompt is turned ON.
When attempting to set up a new pay run for the current pay period, I notice that the next scheduled pay run is for the same date as the previously lodged pay run.
I would have thought that some people having truely variable hour (not casual) staff wasn't that unforseen by the software designers.I recommend Xero to people, but I cannot recomend Xero payroll.
CLUSTER 2847
Hi There,In my accounts I seem to have an accounts payable of £1,100 which seems to exist despite the fact that all of my suppliers are paid and up-to-date.
I managed to create bespoke formats using the old editor which allowed me to store my need templates with various names.
We pre-paid a company for goods, but they were unable to supply all of the order, so we have an Overpayment amount (our Overpayment to the company) sitting in Bills.
He wanted to know if ytou could set up the theme so that it defaults to the theme of the person who is logged in?Thanks,Cassie
I would like to be able to tick them off in the same order as the supplier's statement, so I need to add them up as I go and then make the payment.
Is there a way of recording on xero when deductions are made so that I can keep a track of this and also so that it will be included when I come to do my end of year return?
All works well but I need to get an export of all contact with the Contact ID so that I can add this into the internal database to link everything up.
CLUSTER 2848
Then when the job is completed and we send the final invoice for payment will i put a seperate line in to show the initial deposit?Hope im making sense, thanks in advance for your help.
100.00           0.00Dir Loan Acc     0.00               100.00I now want to repay the loan but can't see how I would do the reverse of this.
Then when the job is completed and we send the final invoice for payment will i put a seperate line in to show the initial deposit?Hope im making sense, thanks in advance for your help.
I have read on a few posts that they should be on the match tab ready to match up but none of the pay runs I have entered are on the match tab.Can anyone shed some light on where I am going wrong?
Now I'd like to track the employees from different locations in Xero when we pay them via ZenPayroll but I can't seem to edit the Zen payment since it's created by Zen through the integration.
CLUSTER 2849
When tabbing through fields in some screens, the cursor blinks and is ready for data entry, however, in some screens, the cursor does not appear, the field is not ready to accept data, and you actually have to click in the field to activate it.EG: Bank Accounts › Cheque Account › New Receive MoneyAll the screens and fields should be consistent.
This is because the sales invoices were entered on the old system, we received payment before the year end so marked as paid, however they have now gone through the bank in the new year (showing on xero) How do I post this receipt to clear off from the bank rec on xero?
Just print out, put the appropriate employee docs in each envelope, and pop in the snail-mail with a stamp for each (BTW, this is all you are required to do by law, you don't have to email, but I do because my employees like the w-2's in PDF form).
CLUSTER 2850
Many of our customers pay in advance and the deposit is redeemed to Opera on arrival but this may relate to multiple nights stays, revenue is posted by Opera each night of the stay and we also take payments on check in and check out.Does anyone have any experience here that would help us?thanksAntonia
Does anyone know if you can update a repeating bill - i know you can edit the bill each time but that is painful , i know in other programs you get the option to save changes so the next time a recurring bill is used it updates to the last lot of info you had in it.if any one has any advise i would love to hear it
Others I am paying off against bills, ie Xero subscription bill.So the credit card payments are then shown as reconciled.I then pay the credit card bill out of my normal current account and transfer this payment over to the credit card account, where this then shows as unreconciled, how do I reconcile this transaction?Thanks in advanceJoanne
I am looking to post a journal I have drafted manually.My entries include,Bank creditDebtor creditCreditor debitCost of Sales debitI really want to use the manual journal feature but the inability to code to a specific creditor in accounts payable, for example, is stopping me doing so.Help appreciatedAndrew
Hi all,I realise that there are a number of apps out there that will record your receipts and track your expenses, however none of these seem to have a 'person breakdown', ie - the person that actually purchased the item.What I am looking for is a tracking app that will itemise expense purchases by an individual, as opposed to the expense type (although both is fine), and database this.
Hi.I'm not sure how this system works so here are my question:if I will set up repeating invoice for 31st of each month, does it mean that in month which have 30 days or 28/29 days(February) system will send an invoice at the last day of the month or will forward it on 1st or 2nd day of next month?
Wondering if anybody has experience with this already and could advise how best to go about it or point us in the right direction...Thanks,Kali*National Standard Chart of AccountsThe National Standard Chart of Accounts (NSCOA) is a data entry tool and data dictionary for not-for-profits, including charities.
I'm struggling to reconcile my PayPal account which has had a direct feed for over a year.Some transactions appear in the reconcile register with a 'match' against an identical transfer amount from my bank chequeing account.The temptation has been to hit 'ok', thinking that the bank transfer is in fact one and the same as the payment for goods within PayPal.
Hi Support,Currently when a team member (without approval authority) leave is approved they cannot see the total hours of the request to make sure they have typed the correct amount of hours.This is for monthly pay cycles that Xero cannot calculate the correct daily amount of hours for.
I currently have to create deals with my customers in a word document, and then upload to Adobe Echosign for them to digitally e-sign and then invoice them using Xero each month.It would be great now that quotes have been added if there was a way of the customer digitally signing the quote to say that they agree with the quote and are happy to proceed.
If this can't be done then it would be helpful if you could create a rule for these (won't let you create a rule posting to a bank account), as Xero doesn't seem to be able to recognise the same transfer to 2 particular accounts as the reference is different each time, so I can't even just tick off some of these, I have to select transfer and select which account it's getting transferred to.
At the moment I create a pay run, create the payments through the bank (which allows an opportunity for errors), then the payment comes into Xero via the bank feed and I then have to create a transaction to record the payment to the correct liabilities account - which assumes that I didn't make any mistakes when creating the payment in the bank.
As I am sure I am not the only one,  I refer to the Quotes Section quite often to reference outstanding quotes and revise them as needed or approve them should the client fail/forget to do so.It would be nice to have a link to Quotes under the Accounts Dropdown so that you do not need to go via the Sales link to get to Quotes
As a firm, we have currently over 30 clients who have a Xero Business Plan.Is there an icon that can be introduced on the clients Xero Business Plan file that shows them what business plan they are actually on, rather then them having to contact us everytime they need to know their price plan/what plan they are on.would be very helpfull
I am therefore claiming expenses and simply paying them to the '970 - Owner A Funds Introduced' account.I accidentally paid one of the claims in to the '980 - Owner A Drawings' account.Does anybody know how to either amend, reverse, delete or otherwise correct this?Thanks in advance.Barry
For example, a report that shows January budget/January actual, February budget/February actual in one large report.When I run the budget variance report (which seems like the likely candidate) I cannot configure it to display the data in the way I want to see it.
When you click remove & redo it throws an error asking you to contact support.I have raised this issue with Xero support who acknowledge the bug - and they've manually fixed up transactions I've identified that have this issue.I decided to post here so that when it gets resolved I get notified (along with anyone else who is experiencing this).
Sorry, I couldn't see a section in the forum for bugs.I just started trying out Reports | New Reports | Account Transactions.None of the ones I have generated so far give the correct Closing Balance.I can provide example of one where the Closing Balance = Opening Balance, but there are transactions in between that do not cancel.
Would it be possible to show customer payments as the amount paid.When looking in the Account Transaction Report for the Bank Accounts, if a customer has paid 100 invoices, this shows up as 100 transaction lines in the Account Transaction Report.This does not reflect the correct transaction, which is the receipt of one amount, not 100.
First month "hire 5/10/14 - 4/11/14" second month "hire 5/11/14 - 4/12/14" and so on.At the moment with repeating invoices I have to manually enter the anniversary monthly dates in the description field of what the customer is being charged for.
If say a normal Tuesday someone usually works 10 hours but wants to take leave on that day - how is it recorded in Xero?The pay templates have 38 hours p/w ordinary hours earnings on them and when he does leave requests he is entering the "10" hours taken on the request.is that correct?
They have just paid themselves but not issued payslips etc..They want me to input all payroll data dating back to the start of the financial year and run off old payslips so they can use these to apply for personal finance etc..Is there any easy way to do this, rather then set up each payrun seperately and issue payslips?
This issue has occurred twice in different Xero files.-  Submit Payment Summaries directly to ATO using Xero {selected this option}-  Create an EMPDUPE file to send via ECI softwareThe supplier is the organisation that is preparing and/or lodging the file to the Australian Tax Office (ATO).
I deleted this and set up 1st Oct-31st Oct - thinking I would manually adjusted the pay.The employee is assigned to this 1st Oct pay calendar - but now when I click on Process pay run - nothing happens.I am a complete novice to pay roll software - but usually can work it out!
Considering MyPAYE is &#163;1 per month and, ok looks ugly, but just plain works this is a real let down.Has anyone managed to figure this lot out?Thanks in advance to anyone that can shed any light on this before the tax man kicks my door in for not submitting an RTI file this month...
This leaves room for error, Holiday Pay and Annual Leave are not linked so you could easily go over the accrued amount and give the Employee extra Paid Leave.Does Holiday Pay turn into Annual Leave once the Employee Reaches their Anniversary Date?Many Thanks
However, most of the popular Xero Add-on reporting/budgeting apps integrate with Xero or QBO but yet they don't have an option to use cash basis accounting data.Has anyone used a Xero Add-on app for both "Budgeting/Forecasting and Reporting" that enables "Cash Based Accounting"?
Hi,I have both Workflow Max and Xero, connected which seems to be working fine but as I generate my quotes through Workflow Max as it has all my costs for jobs etc already entered, is there a way to get these quotes over to Xero without re-entering them?For 2 reasons:A. I would like to see the quotes on the Xero dashboardB.
My accounting for FY 2015 was kind of a hamfisted disaster, and I'm trying to get it set up better for 2016.The only issue is that as of right know any time I buy inventory from a vendor, it is being coded automatically to COGS, when I know that's not right, and then it should go to inventory first, and then COGS when a sale happens.
The lack of control over this sort of thing makes me feel like we're still in the Wild West.If I delete all those little invoices, I would use A2X to also post the aggregate biweekly sales from Amazon.I also have a similar issue with the woocommerce sales invoices but the volume is a lot lower.
I have multiple companies working on the same Tracking Projects...Is there a tool that can consolidate Xero companies and the tracking categories that go with each company..?I have checked out Spotlight Reporting and they do not support Tracking at the Consolidation level and appears Fathom does not as well.Would appreciate a point in the right direction...Regards,Mark Quillinan
Hi all,I realise that there are a number of apps out there that will record your receipts and track your expenses, however none of these seem to have a 'person breakdown', ie - the person that actually purchased the item.What I am looking for is a tracking app that will itemise expense purchases by an individual, as opposed to the expense type (although both is fine), and database this.
I'm wanting to build an add-on in this fantastic Xero ecosystem (and possibly also for other accountant software packages like QB or MYOB), but need a person who is experienced with using Xero on daily basis and can help me identify what the weaknesses are and what will be helpful for Xero users.Longterm relationship preferred!
This would mean I would move all of my purchasing and point of sale out of Xero, but it would sync back into Xero so long as the package I choose is integrated.If I do this I would move my quotes out of Xero as well and would want a system that provide subtotal functions in quotes and invoices.
Realistically, I need to be able to schedule the payment in the addon as well as report on what is scheduled by supplier (ie not broken down to each invoice)It is possible that I've done this process so many times that I'm suffering from MYOB think and would appreciate any ideas that can help me move this one over!Thanks,Lori
Basically what I am understanding is Xero is saying that I, for some reason, decided to download multiple OFX files then for some reason combine them all into one super mega OFX file and then when it doesn't work waste my time and Xero's time with the technical support emails all while being prohibited from doing the work I need to desperately do in Xero.
And also direct me to Payroll.This is ridiculous, surely you Xero would know how to direct customers how to use YOUR PRODUCT.So now I have written to Payroll and waiting for a response which hopefully doesn't give me a spread of videos to wade through to not find my answer, or direct me to speak with an accountant so presumably there is no legal exposure with Xero.
It seems like niggle, but page after page it's enough to notice and be frustrating.Using Chrome Canary/Chrome 43/IE11 it's roughly the same: generally heavily cached with etags taking care of most responses, but some content, especially from static.xero.com/postoffice is very latent.
CLUSTER 2852
Hello I am a Chartered Accountant and Xero Certified Adviser and thought I would share my experience of the most common mistakes people make in Xero and tips to avoid them to make our respective jobs a bit easier :-)NOTE: This is for the New Zealand version of Xero but is probably applicable across all versions.You only need to code a transfer in one bank account (Account #1).
{set a html email with wildcard entries}This would be a fantastic feature that would save me a lot of time and ensure invoices are promptly followed up as I cannot always get around to it.This is quite a basic feature that I have seen in many of the competitions packages (Zoho Books, Saasu etc).
I regularly perform pay runs for the business owners/directors and email payroll reports to them.I would suggest a simple feature wherein the payroll reports can be emailed, same as the payslips can be emailed to various employees with the click of a button.Currently, I download and save each report and then attach them in an email and send.
HiI have a client that has 2 companies and regularly moves money between the 2.I can keep track of these (saw another post or on help) as a liability account and put it on the watch list to keep an eye on it BUT is there a way of setting a rule for it?I can see the rules but not to move to this accountI can see the transfer but only to internal bank accounts?Sorry if being dim but can't see a shortcut!ThanksKirsty
CLUSTER 2858
Hi, Some of the materials charged to the company account related to a personal building projectIn order to reimburse the company for these expenses, which account code do we use?Which account should be used for the bill to seek reimbursement of the amount charged to the company?
I would like to request an integration with Airbnb to create automatic invoices to record host fees, rental income, taxes, and other fees similar to how the Square integration works.
CLUSTER 2870
I need to pull it from inventory, which then triggers use tax on the item.
Can you please put this on agenda to discuss for further improvements going forward?
CLUSTER 2871
The host does not receive any sales money only a commission on the sales.
Obviously it can be done individually, but I have too many customers to do it that way.
Then we taught them the beauty of accrual accounting and to use invoicing.
Or else some way of sending the invoices and statements to Outlook?
CLUSTER 2874
HiI'm hoping there is an easy answer to this one...I have a client who uses the quantity and unit price to help account for private usage of her car ie an expense of $100 is entered as amount $100 in the expense line but with quantity 0.8 (for 80% business use) and again as $100 in the loan account with quantity 0.2 for the 20% private use.This seems like a good system to me, however I want to run a report on the car expense accounts to check that this has been done consistently, but all the reports I can find show only the total & GST, not the unit price & quantity.
HiI'm new to Xero but have previously used Quickbooks, so I'm finding Xero's reporting features to be significantly under powered by comparison.I can get Xero to report Income & Expenditure analysed by Tracking for the whole organisation.However its a very big and ugly report and could do with something like Excel's "Freeze Panes" to keep the row & column labels visible as you scroll through it (QB does this beautifully)Additionally it would be nice to be able to click through on any Column or Row total to see the breakdown of theses totals (again QB does this very well)What i'd really like however is to be able to limit/filter such reports to just a selection of Tracking categories.
CLUSTER 2875
When you open the PDF document all the information has moved and is really difficult to understand.
Please add that, as I often found myself needing to modify the note for the approver, but there is no feature to do so.
I could use help from the community trying to extract my itemized taxes from all the expenses.
Hi.We have recently VAT registered and are obviously now charging 20% VAT on our invoices.
This is great except for the fact that my SOH was never updated with the initial value of my stock.
CLUSTER 2879
Turns out that Xero summarises the VAT in the VAT Control but posts each line item to the Sales Tax Report.
The feature request for Outlook / Google Active Sync has been closed but we still don't have active sync with Google Contacts.
I'm due to file my VAT return today (yes I know it's late in the day, but I've been trying without success).
I've set up a petty cash account but am hesitant to re-enter the pays as Spend Money as I don't want to double up.
The payroll year is not closed.Can anyone help in getting these payruns in last financial year?ThanksLiesa
Does XERO offer where employees can check in and check out for the time worked for payroll purpose?thanksarun
The payroll within Xero accounts for the salary/wages expense in the period when salary payment is made.
CLUSTER 2881
Currently you can export reports to Excel/pdf and google Docs.
This is helpful when invoices are are sent out, a copy can goto an email group.
I'm newish to Xero and am frustrated that some of my accounts can't be delivered as a bank feed.
CLUSTER 2882
Good morning, I have a customer that receives a net rental income into his account but I also need to take up the gross and the expenses.
HOWEVER, there is still NO option to apply our Practice logo to the Front Cover of the Report despite the advice that is already available.
CLUSTER 2884
As i am on the VAT accrual scheme, i have already paid out the sizeable VAT payment which i would like refunded.
The only other option is to find an old invoice and "copy" it but that requires you to leave the enter purchases screen and search for an invoice.
CLUSTER 2885
Xero does not handle this well at all.This info needs to be tied to the contact and displayed when creating a bill and also a column for it shown in the Bills>Awaiting Payment screen.My current get around is to put the info at the end of the reference field in the bill e.g.<bill no.> D/D…but again it relies on memory to know who is paid by what method as it is not always shown on the bill.I know other people copy previous bills and handle it that way but I find that very tedious.
I've entered the conversion balances as at 30 June 2014 and am trying to reconcile my first months accounts (31-July 2014), however my reconciliation report shows the transactions entered for the month of June, therefore the balances are all incorrect.I've deleted the bank statement from which the transactions were recorded, however my reconciliation report still shows the entries made and my balance is still incorrect.
I have put in my sort code and password but when I click "refresh bak feed" a screen comes up  saying "Your bank requires additional information to activate your bank feed" and asking me to "enter passcode" - what is this passcode referring to?I thought maybe my bank password but the passcode is 8 digits and my bank password is more than 8 digits so I cant enter it.getting very frustrated now... do I need to change my bank password to 8 digits so It can all be entered or is the passcode referring to something else?Appreciate any supportKevin
CLUSTER 2889
The new feature in report packs that allows lines to be dragged and reordered is great.
Confusingly, though, transactions from my website are imported as reconciled on my bank current account.
Or we need to make a manual adjustment every week for employees who have reached the maximum.
CLUSTER 2891
Xero seems to be a bit weak when it comes to managing payment batches - or, is it me?During payment batchesFirstly - I would like to separate the supplier accounts 1.  to manage payment batches, in order to make the process quicker and easier.2.
I can't put them in a revenue account, because that would double book the revenue.I did an Uncleared Checks liability account to move my uncleared checks over, but don't really know how to handle these payments that were received and posted to the customers' accounts in the old system, but need to be in Xero to enable reconciliation.
Let's say I edit an email template under SETTINGS > GENERAL > EMAIL SETTINGS, I notice that my updated version is not used on my existing repeating invoices but rather the old version of that email template continues to be used.
Hi,We have a C-corp with 2 co-founders, we need to pay an unscheduled salary to one of the co-founders, we will run the payroll with different amounts and in different months, depending on how the company goes.The work is done in California.Can you please help?
Net Pay: Contributions calculated before tax.Relief at Source: Contributions paid Gross after taking Tax and NINEST uses the latter and explains that a 1% employee contribution is actually 0.8% if the employee is eligible for tax relief.
CLUSTER 2892
AT the moment I still have all the depreciation information on an excel sheet and then I calculate the 40% claim I need to make for income tax purposes.
In the past 3 months, the Sole Trader has been using their personal bank account to connect to Paypal to make and receive payments.
At the moment they can't be copied or cut and pasted and are gone once the invoice is created, so I have to remember to write them down first then retype them when I created the invoice.
I agree.He is an infrequent user of Xero (at most, once monthly) and has to re-familiarise himself with the environment each month to find where he needs to go to authorise super.
to be totally portable i have just started using an ipad for data entry and payroll however my stumbling block is ipad doesn't do ABA files.
You could then scan down the list of unapproved bills, tick the box to the left of all the correctly coded bills, and approve them en masse.
CLUSTER 2895
There are figures in here which can be seen if you look at the Trial Balance or the Account on the Chart of Accounts.
I assume this goes in Owner's draw, but what about the original incoming payment?Thanks!
We noticed by chance when we were adding an item to an invoice that it did not add to the invoice total.
)Vend said that the Xero does not allow for negative figures to be posted over.
CLUSTER 2899
When I am in the reconcile screen, I click the area to "create" and then at the bottom right of that box is phrase to click that says "add details".
site.com/pay-now/?price=99.99&reference=123456&item_name=LaptopProblem is xero has no placeholder for the REFERENCE field.
When you create an invoice, you get prompted to 1. add expenses for that customer and 2. add labor hours for that customer.
At the moment I have quite a few 1c credit notes in the system to adjust for the difference between 6 d. places in Xero and 8 d. places from my Forex provider.
CLUSTER 2900
They have never been on cash accounting.The problem I have is that the report does not balance to the TB.
We need the ability to budget for all accounts, not just P&L accounts.
I've had to close all other internet based applications/windows to see if this was the problem.
CLUSTER 2901
all the things our banks tell us not to disclose to third parties!
OR, have a separate section for Employees in the contacts, which has security settings around it.
This will be good to have when there are pay rate increases, change in addresses etc.
CLUSTER 2908
Do I treat the solicitors simply as a bank account and set them up as such?
It seems to be very hard to find a report with the information I require.
CLUSTER 2915
So now my P&L is showing that I'm in the negative because my value of goods has been invoiced less due to promotions...
Right now I am paying my city Business License fees and am wondering what account that expense should go in.
I currently match up my batch payment to a spreadsheet, and the way it is at the moment I have to just assume that the GST is correct.
I have a client that has an Engineering busines and is looking to move to Xero in the new Financial year.
CLUSTER 2918
Now, the issue I'm trying to figure out is that only a part of those sales will be eligible for GST.
Am I able to go back to the point where everyting last balanced.
CLUSTER 2919
We are considering taking the other side of any sales adjustment to a different receivables account, but this is not ideal.Any help would be extremely appreciated!
When setting up a reoccurring monthly bill, there is no way to select "Transfer to Credit Card Bank Account" as an account selection option.
"CHANGE TO "Yes, we've heard you, and yes we are working on this, because yes this is actually what the end users require""We are adding more programmers to work this out.
CLUSTER 2920
Therefore I need to add an amount to box 1 and deduct an amount from box 4 in the next VAT return.
I know I could wait to import it from the bank and then create a transaction, but there are sometimes details I want to store in the transaction at the time of the purchase.
I also have to invoice them for the goods I'm selling them, less the monetary value of the part-xchange.How do I reconcile the bill when there will be no cash transaction into my account.
Does anyone know what it might cost (ballpark figures) to get a xero consultant to perform the initial xero setup?
My client wants to set up default payment terms so that the invoices is payable by the end of the following month after invoice date (i.e.
CLUSTER 2921
In the process I tried to set up an account which I discovered does not have a direct feed and as a result I would like to delete this from my accounts page.Any help on how I do this would be very much appreciated.Thanks,Stuart
What I have ended up doing is using the same date as the date of invoice creation, and putting "due upon receipt" in the Terms - but for clients, it seems confusing on the invoice having "date due:" on the invoice in multiple spots along with my own payment terms in one spot.
Would like to be able to change the allocation of wages during the payrun (ie split between bank accounts, etc - have employees that may change this each week) - at the moment you have to go back to the employee template to change the amounts each week.
I would like to apply the 4% FRA tax rate but this is not an option from the tax rate drop down menu.Does anyone know how I can add this tax rate to the bill?Best wishes,Novel Wines.
I've found a few batch payment where the tax rate was incorrect at the time the batch payment was created.There's no way to change the tax rate unless you completely delete the batch payment and then redo it.
The alternative to an app is having all the project budgets on spread sheets that link to each other that total the direct cost amounts and then add these figures manually to Xero.If anyone could point to an add-on app that links to Xero that would help us out here, I'd be very grateful.Thanks, Thomas
CLUSTER 2923
It downloads the Deposits which include the taxes that are payable but does not give us credit as an expense on the P/L statement.
I am back entering all of my bank statements for the FY and I have some entries on bank statements that  are from some part time employment which is not under my ABN.
I have a surprising number of suppliers that ask me to make the check payable to a different name from the one to which I'm sending the check.
We use the P&L Report to show in real time the costs incurred to each product line.
I guess I can print the invoice as a PDF, view the PDF, find the link, click it, etc but that seems cumbersome.
When I try to use bank reconciliation, there are almost 80% statements can't match with my bill or sales invoice automatically.
CLUSTER 2925
It seems to think that my Accounts Receivable is 0.00 and that I need to write a credit for all my open invoices.I do have an Accounts Receivable current asset setup in my chart of accounts and its balance is exactly the sum of all the open invoices.
(I understand I can currently provide a link like https://go.xero.com/AccountsReceivable/Search.aspx?ref=(number), but that requires an extra click to move from the search results page to the invoice page.)
CLUSTER 2926
In the event a payment is a balance payment (I allow orders on a 50% advance) from an old order, I reconciliate it against a direct purchase on that original order date.
We create a purchase invoice, reconcile it with the respective amount in Bank Statement and then again create a separate statement in a spread sheet and mail them.
= $2 ($200/100 units)The problem is that when I create the Bill from the freight forwarder for freight and handling it goes to an expense account.
So far I've added them manually as Conversion accounts and the balance debits added as Owners Drawings (as I've used the money for personal expenses).
(ranked development)What are the time frames?Why does it take so long?This would ease frustration in forums and from users who may not have commented about their frustration.
CLUSTER 2929
Has anyone tried to implement the April Employment Allowance (£2000 NIC) in a Xero Pay run yet?Our accountants do the payroll and have taken away the £2000 entitlement which means the PAYE bill this month is much smaller!
I am interested to hear if anyone is utilising alphabetical characters in their account codes, and how this is benefiting them.If I no longer wanted to use an account, but did not want to archive/delete it then the code ZZZ (to drop it to the bottom of reports) or DNU (Do Not Use) may be useful I guess.....
The video clip on entering conversion balances shows a "090 - Checking Account" account type which seems to be where I should put in my account balance as of the day I began using Xero (or last date of the bank statement).
What I am having trouble with (and I imagine it is because I have spent a lot of time on this now so the answer that is potentially quite simple has completely eluded me) is, as Xero gives the accrual in hours.... once I have worked out the amount of LSL leave my employees have accrued in days/ weeks, what formula to I use to revert this to hours to compare them to the balance in Xero?
So we are aware a 28 day month will be paid more per day than a 31 day month.Since this has occurred, we are now manually updating unpaid leaves for payroll (which at least ensures unpaid leave remains consistent across the months) and begs the question: Is the same necessary for Annual Leave?
I've tried using the Employee Group function, however have not found a way to make this report on the Profit & Loss properly.I love Xero in every other way, but I think this is a serious deficiency for creating management accounts for anything beyond a SME...unless I've missed something here?
Bring it back to simple.You used to be able to add a customer complete an invoice and send it in 1-2 minutes now everything just gets sooo damn frustrating.If someone doesn't have something to do, don't give them a job of making Xero more long winded to use.
CLUSTER 2930
One is the master account where the statement lists all transactions for the other 2 employee cards.
When the invoice is finally issued it would initially have outstanding credit notes allocated to it.
CLUSTER 2932
I have somehow managed to enter a sale into XERO but with the wrong GST (Tax Rate).
i set them up as a batch and paid them off in the system but obviously did not pay them physically back to the creditors again.
They currently sync to the Chart of Accounts...but we don't want every employee on the chart of accounts.
I imported some invoices, realised there was a problem with them so deleted them, corrected the source data and imported them again.
CLUSTER 2935
However wouldn't it be a fantastic addition to also have a plus line as well.Fo example today I needed to add more than ten lines to the middle of an invoice.
The only way to do this now is to add a sales person to every invoice as a tracking code but this is a timely exercise.Currently I have to export revenue by customer.
If we could manage in Excel  we could change the calculation to only use the Ordinary Weekly Pay (per hour) which is more correct in our case.
CLUSTER 2937
I want to be able to view in one report all of our clients Year End Dates but the report builder does not let me select any of the fields from the Tax and Company section of the clients tab.
I'd like to include the check number when the check prints.Payroll checks give an option to include the check number or not, but I can't figure out how to do it with regular checks.
I know and really believe that XERO works hard on launching the new Feature or removing the bug from a feature.Following are the points which require attention.1.
I.e to only send out statements, not individual invoices, but with sufficient detail to enable a GST registered customer to use the Xero produced statement as a GST compliant document.
It works in Firefox so was able to complete my edits using that browser but I thought I'd highlight the issue in case other Chrome users were experiencing the same issue.Just FYI, it did used to work :o)
When setting up a customer  able to put more than 1 email address in at a time (in the customer information,) (sometimes the invoice is required to go to more than one person)3.
CLUSTER 2940
Its a bit of a pain when I get interupted from Xero (by customers & staff) & when I come back I find I have to login again.
Therefore his Payment summary for 2015 has his termination date of 30/06/14 on it, which is incorrect an the reason why it is being rejected by the ATO upload.
CLUSTER 2941
I have a business where we have a number of different labour and travel charges depending on who the person is doing the labour and where they are going.Ideally I'd like to keep a generic description of labour and travel on the invoice that gets sent to the client, but hide the 'items' to avoid confusion with our customers.
But, for client appointments we have an ipad and would be ideal for them just to sign up and then sign the return without having to receive an email, as many clients forget to sign out and causes privacy issues if another clients uses the same email host (gmail, outlook.com etc.)
However, in step 4, the credit card account from my Chart of Accounts (2300 - HNB Credit Card Account) does not appear in the drop down menu.It seems I can create an account, but the account is already created.How can I teach Xero to recognize this payment?
When exporting a contacts details from Xero to a .csv file and then reimporting, any "0" at the beginning of their bank account details is either not exported or not imported resulting in an invalid bank account number.I was lucky I only did this for one account to transfer a contact between two Companies we run through Xero.
Each time the drag and drop feature is used the previous transaction has the photo attached to it as well even though it has been saved?System: Mac Yosemite Safari (latest updates installed)I assume a Java bug as it doesn't happen if I select the upload button and browse for the file to be uploaded.
CLUSTER 2943
When more than one person is chasing the same debt it would just help us communicate efficiently.
You already have this comparative on the old reports and it is a very handy one to have when performing reconciliations.Thanks
I checked the payroll settings and noticed that student loan had defaulted to the pension account.
CLUSTER 2944
Reason being that upon the first transaction being received we need to contact the client to obtain the historical bank statements for import to avoid a gap.
Setting up a new rule for the car fuel as an expense and including all of the frequently visited stations will make reconciling very fast.
We've noticed that our P&L is showing two line items for each salary payment, one from the Payroll feature, and then another from the reconciliation.
CLUSTER 2948
hi there,I am new to Xero and trying to get my head around the best practices.
At the moment I import the file to Lloydslink and then go through and change them all manually once on the bank's system.
Really weird issue but the leave accruing for one employee is exactly double what it should be.
I changed this to the student loan account but when I re-run the report it is still showing as pension.
CLUSTER 2950
This way not only will we have ALL of our company files stored in the one location with access permissions for all team members controlled internally but Xero won't have to manage/charge for a file repository that (probably most) users already have implemented.
I think that I know the answer to this already,  but just wanted to put it out there for discussion in case I'm missing anything.I have clients who are Public Benevolent Institutions (PBI's) whose staff are able to salary sacrifice up to the FBT limit.
Our payroll service provider makes about 5 withdraws from our banking account: one is net paycheck despoted into the employee's bank account and the others are various federal and state taxes.
She turned 21 in March so I have changed her national insurance code to A from M.The PAYE calculated on a gross salary of £1213.35 is £603.78 which seems a little excessive to me!
CLUSTER 2954
Our charity client has many cash receipts that require an individual receipt to be printed and at the moment the task is pretty tedious.
I want to search all the bills from Supplier A, Supplier B, & Supplier C (plus date range)2.
If that were possible, you could accept the payment via your phone, and then record the payment on the outstanding invoice in Xero Touch.
I've tried to add a credit note towards an invoice to have the same effect, but that would then change the original invoice.
From the reconcile screen I tried to match the money received to the correct invoices but the payer overpaid the invoices by $30.
We have had a couple through so far and have approved and authorised them but I imagined they would then show in the "you owe them" column on the contacts page but they do not.
Our customers require the Xero invoice and our associated pdf attachments (timehsheets and stat declaration) as one pdf file.
CLUSTER 2956
The problem we seem to be struggling with is how to take a receipt from a supplier and allocate it to a client's account in Xero.Any help would be gratefully received
I also get a copy to enter into Xero at a later date.We want to move to a system where he can invoice the customer directly from the job.
For example, we might use an account called utilities, but then the bills start rising and we want to break out energy from other services.
It would really simplify the process if it would automatically pick up the PAYG account transtactions for the period, as it does with GST tranactions.
I am looking for an add-on that allows negative stock / Drop shipping.We need to be able to print invoices before the stock is delivered.
CLUSTER 2958
So what we have to do is create a new Tax code for non-taxable sales, and make sure we use it for all non-taxable invoice lines, and then at least they will be totaled correctly on the report.
I guess it would be caused by the 'discount' feature, as the recipient does not have any discount column in their draft payable invoice and the system can't match the quantity and the unit price with the total for that line.
When Cash Coding and inputting the Payee detail, there is an Autofill feature which would usually be great but it seem to overwrite what I put in with something completely wrong.
Hi, I'm working on a custom docx invoice layout and have also just added the GoCardless payment option to my invoice.We're told to add a <<PaymentImage>> field to the invoice, but no image appears.
This is a huge problem concerning the Tax report, as Xero is making a tax report based on a purchase order (bill) which has not delivered, or may not be delivered before sometimes in the future.
CLUSTER 2959
having the running balance is used quiet a lot to look for errors or for when and account becomes out of balance.
This is very boring, especially when I have a number of bank rules to edit because my client has become GST Registered.
This forum is the only one I have ever seen that hides other replies in favour of Official answers and "best" answers.
IE you are able to ask for a range of codes as well as individual codes when adding them to the schedule.
When I get to my desk each day I want to see all my bank balances in one place - in Xero.
The boys work 40 hours but should only get paid for 38 as they bank 2 hours.
CLUSTER 2961
This is the reason given for it being declined;The submission of this document has failed due to departmental specific business logic in the Body tag.Help!
Interest on the outstanding balance is paid monthly.We pay for 50% of the land from our own funds and use the development finance to fund the other 50%.
In Xero the individual transactions on each card are being reconciled daily but the payment we make to the account isn't showing on the individual cards so they're just going further and further into debit.
How do I get these transactions reconciled?I have posted all of the weekly pay runs and they all show up in my pay run history but they don't show up for reconciliation.Thanks so muchDan
CLUSTER 2962
I'm going over the "Overall budget" but I can't seem to find any sensible place to budget for the payback.Thank you so much in advance for your kind help!
I imported BS at per year end, and now I need to enter the breakdown of Accounts Payable, which is a few hundred invoices in my case.
Basically a use tax and that's what the state calls it.Do I just setup my business as a customer and invoice items at cost or is there an easier process?
In our CRM System (Lightblue) we raise the $50 booking fee as a transaction (not a sale) and that transaction remains unallocated until the sale is raised.
For invoicing options, I would love to be able to have a "payment due upon receipt" option, instead of having to choose a date.
?IN addition the ref  column in quotation only puts the quotation number but in invoices it puts in the first block from the description on the invoice.
I currently use the contact log in MYOB but having recently changed to Xero I am looking for a database addon I can use to add my contacts to.
When sending emails all of the contact records’ email addresses will appear as we write the name of the contact as the email addressee.4.
CLUSTER 2965
Is it possible to change the settings so that the sale is added into the period when payment is received?
Now the numbers per the filed return don't populate and they don't save when we enter them either.
It would be great if I could scan them, upload them and have them go out to the customer with the invoice.
I can't seem to edit the bank statement line, can only delete and start over but it does the same thing.
There doesn't appear to be any way to print a report on outstanding quotes by tracking category.
I have refunded an order in Woocommerce but there doesn't appear to be away to sync it to Xero once it has been refunded.
CLUSTER 2969
The Xero balance is correct, but the statement balance is incorrect.I then tried to change the conversion date and change the beginning balances, but then I am left with pages upon pages to to reconcile (and by manually calculating them, it still doesn't get me to my correct statement balance).
Please change my next of kin details to xyz... or even have the capability to add files to this employee area only, to enable Dr's certificates ( which could be added when submitteing leave requests), qualifications and the like to be stored.
Hi Guys,Hopefully someone can help me out here, we paid wages for our employees yesterday however one has bounced back due to the employee having an incorrect account number,I now have a credit in my account sitting there to be reconciled, however i don't know what to reconcile it to?
So if PO for 1000 Apparel in WFM, when across to Xero the item is blank, just the information listed in the description matches.Every now and then same thing happens with Invoices.Also if edit invoices or PO in WFM, do they automatically update in Xero?
Creating bank rules, when selecting the option for the Reference line "by me during bank rec" Xero still defaults to pulling in and using the Reference line regardless.I'm not sure where else to report bugs so if this is the incorrect platform for doing so, please advise.Overall Xero seems to be the least problematic of the bunch.
CLUSTER 2971
There does not seem to be a way to do this in Xero, other than manually entering mileage when invoices are issued.
Our bank was acquired and now has new name/website/authentication and account number.
I am paying off a loan for the vehicle and was wondering how I would go about transferring this to the business.
I have not got the bistro yet, but the day we get the keys she becomes our employee.
CLUSTER 2973
To run depreciation for the periods between Xero start date and current date does this post to the general ledger depreciation accounts?
I've just realised that our invoices are only displaying two decimal places, when I always enter our prices with 4 decimal places.
I'm happy to code everything (kinda my job), and it's harder to get them to do it if they know they have to fill out all the info.Thanks!
However, our partner wants to show these bank account names as per bank statements in the financial report.
So that the total is easily reconciled with the bank statements.Add a button to each item to choose if this purchase is eligible for "use tax."
This we have to note the details down and write it all in again, otherwise neither us nor our clients know what property/job the invoice relates to.
Also when doing Cash Coding the information is in the wrong field, ie Description when all previous transactions had information in the reference field.
The problem is that, when you favourite them, so they appear in the Reports drop-down menu, you cannot distinguish between the old one and the new one.
Hi All - I'm coming from QB where I was zeroing out owners draws by debit/credit into Retained Earnings at the year end.
There is one thing that would help with part time employees and that is a standard time sheet in the employee details.
CLUSTER 2974
Need to setup an account because it gets muddy with refunds and fees, etc.I see there’s an option for PayPal but not WePay...What’s the best current workaround?
I am trying to change two users but one is sending to the trial site on acceptance, the other is rejecting the password selected by the new user.
Therefore my Tracking Categories are set up for them to enter Grant Income OR Grant Expense (to facilitate their Grant Return back to the Donor Organization).
Hi there,I've imported my statement into Xero but I have a transaction that is showing up as a credit when it's shown everywhere, even on the imported statement, that it's a debit.
CLUSTER 2976
Is it possible to change the report headings to show the company/business name on the top line rather than the name of the report.Eg:ABC Pty LtdProfit & LossFor the year ended 30 June 2013Currently, reports show as:Profit & LossABC Pty LtdFor the year ended 30 June 2013The report is about the company not the type of report.
When I'm creating my own design invoice template, since we have our contact details in the contact list,when I try to change the address position below the company name and then the attention person name comes after the address.It is unavailable to do that formatting.Here is my suggest request: eg: To: ABC Pte LtdBlk 123 Ang Mo Kio Ave 4#01-01 Singapore 123456Attn: Mr Johny
Hi, I need to have several casual employees setup on our payroll:- each with a different base ordinary hour rate (as per their Grading)- a line for casual 25% loading- a line for Casual 75 % loading for saturday workI believe I had set it up as close to this as possible, however, unless the employee selected at least one base ordinary hour worked, the earnings line does not show up on the pay slip.
CLUSTER 2977
It is the best place for you to leave your feedback and to hear from the horse’s mouth directly on what we’re/aren’t working on.
Likewise the Purchase order does not show the Supplier Invoice number as it used to.
You have done an upgrade in the last coupe of days and it is now slower when adding new invoices.
CLUSTER 2980
Deposits have been made and now the transactions are sitting in my bank feed because I really cannot determine which account best suits this situation.
The practice dashboard brings up all the clients whose GST returns and due and we need to manually go through and dismiss those for which we are not a manager.
It would be great if I could automatically exclude them from the listing of statements so that it only shows account customers (to whom I do send statements).ThanksPaul
CLUSTER 2984
MYOB clears reconciled bank transactions after they have been reconciled - does Xero do the same or do they just stay there forever as part of an ever growing list?Thanks
Ive just noticed on my VAT return that XERO is calculating VAT due on all of my raised sales invoices - not just the ones that have been paid.
We have bank feeds for it coming through.We enter the credit card monthly statement in as a purchase, allocating all the various line items.
This will help those who want to find bills that are applied to a customer without having to open the bill just to see what customer its applied to as an expense.
This is especially helpful as we retain control over the reminders that are sent, and this will allow us to amend or cancel a reminder before it is sent to a client.
Would like to email customers with a attached document, given there is no function to attach an external file when emailing statements.
Or does Xero's batch deposit feature need to be taken to the next level to work as well for credit card payments as it does for checks?
On his bank statement, these two entries show up against Starbucks, and when the bank statement is imported, Starbucks appears on the right hand side.
BUT, I've just gone to do this and it's not working/giving me any option to do that.From what I can work out, to add a payment to the invoice I have to 'receive a payment' ON the invoice page, after it's created.
When I select a "New Purchase Order" and enter the contact name the Branding Theme is not changing to the default for that contact.Isn't this supposed to happen automatically?
CLUSTER 2985
I've recently come up with the necessity to test a few of my planned actions in Xero.Effectively I'd like the ability to put my accounts in test/simulate mode, where I can perform a number of actions to see the resulting  outcomes.
This may not seem like much of a wait, but I try to block out a certain time each week to do admin, and waiting a few days makes it difficult to do this.I must admit, I've been spoiled by a lot of US-based companies I use for things like email marketing + hosting, where they have Livechat support.
CLUSTER 2986
I've ended up setting up a repeating journal to reverse the posted journal, which is a messy way to do things & makes it complicated for them when details change, but really my only option.
When entering data in say a Manual Journal, or invoice etc, the Tab function allows you to move to the next field but then you have to still click it with the mouse?!?!
I tried to use the auto option in Xero through Click Super but as I need receipts to send to customers and neither Click or Xero can offer any reporting this is a dead end.Any suggestions?
All hours (Regular and OT) accrue PTO equally.I think I can change the initial PTO balance by hand as needed, but that seems like a bad kludge.
Hi!All I want is to see an example of an employee's payslip showing the salary self sacrifice deduction, a little request.Please fulfill  (asap) Xero.Thanks
CLUSTER 2987
unpaid) but wouldn't it make more sense to be able to see further into the future so one can see how much cash is going to arrive next month vs at least next month + 1?
So many areas have the ability to use tracking but it is not currently available under the PayRun Reimbursements, meaning that if I want those reimbursements tracked I need to create a bill and then pay out of that bill - creating more work for me!
I have used WinForecast (now Sage 50 Forecasting) in the past but since switching to Xero I don't want to go back to Sage and as a new small business start-up I can’t afford the &#163;838.80 that Sage want for Sage 50 Forecasting.Thanks in advance SImon
CLUSTER 2988
I am looking for a supplier who can convert Quickbooks Pro Multi Currency to Xero.
Some of my expense items are submit are billable, others are not (even if they are associated with a project).
I have struggled with trying to find a way around this so I am hoping someone can help.
CLUSTER 2989
Output VAT is liable when the customer pays the factor, not when the factor pays the business.
When we enter a Rate of Depreciation, is always the Per Annum rate and not for the 365 Days.
This usually happens instantaneously, and it's just stopped working for me - I take a picture and it's not uploading the entry at all.
Hi All,We moved to using Xero this FY and I've just taken over the payroll duties this month.
CLUSTER 2991
However as they are not an employee I don't think 320- Direct Wages is appropriate.
I feel it could really streamline the way I do quoting and invoicing.
The problem however is that these figures appear on the Cash Summary report.
A client requires that retentions of 10% are deferred by 12 Months.
CLUSTER 2994
HiI have this situation where my conversion date is the 1April 2011 and I pressed the 'add comparative balances button for the previous year.
Every customer in xero is assigned to a sales representative and we need to see the customer sales in total each month for that sales rep.
I can sort by date - but it is not quite the same.It would be much easier to use if block 2. was significantly larger - at least three times larger.
Doesn't have to be bespoke, but cover more bases that current Global version does.- Some functionality are predefined as 'Exempt', but not every transaction needs to be reported on in every Jurisdiction.
I use the Purchase Order rather than the Quote as this is the edited version.I guess I should then track down the Quote and mark it as invoiced - but I always forget!
Maybe allow contacts or contact groups to be associated to a persons login to allow the contacts to follow them as they log in and out of different entities.
I do not want to have to enter all of the account codes and tracking data for each reconciled transaction, it undermines the value of using Zero.Thanks for any assistance you can offer.
Did I really spend that much"Now I know that 2 days later that same transaction is going to show up in Xero, along with a little dip in the graph!
CLUSTER 2998
Looking to have Xero export specific data to our system (sisense), can Xero do this?
Right now it is dumping all of my sales (service and product) into my general sales account.
CLUSTER 3000
I currently use the physical receipts and have to code everything manually.I am wondering if anyone has come across some sort of software or app that is compatible with Xero, which could help speed up this process?Thanks in advance,Dan
The other option was to export all and then remove all other invoices but the period in question had thousands of invoices from dozens of different contacts, so wasn't really practical.The feature we would like to request is for this report to have a filter added so that we can view the data for just one specific contact.
We get seemingly random errors telling us the Contact Name is required on this line, or that line - whether we put the Contact Name on the detail lines or we don't.I'm using VBA to generate the file, outputting the worksheet as csv.
CLUSTER 3004
We have had a request from one of our South African clients, that they require any invoices/credit notes etc sent to them by PDF to be issued in 128bit encrypted PDF file format.With the prevalence of electronic invoices I’m sure it won’t be long before it is a requirement by all tax authorities internationally.Also as duty of care as a business and for our customers I’m sure it is a feature that Xero customers would welcome.Please advise if this is in your development plans?Thanks
Hi,Does anyone know if it's possible to move all the transactions from one bank account to another?Reason being, we used movemybooks to import all our data from Sage, and it created a PAYPAL bank account which we just could not find any way to get it to be connected to our actual Paypal account to download transactions.So we've created another PAYPAL2 bank account using the "Add bank account" option and selecting Paypal.
CLUSTER 3006
As you can imagine these numbers very seldom lines up and I have instances where I have 3 pay-runs in a month but still the one set of invoices.What would be the correct way to smooth out this expense so that I can measure a real gross profit on days worked vs invoiced.Thanks!
We should then add on the non-deductible expenses (late payment penalties) and the P&L current year earnings is nil.On the balance sheet however the current years earnings is showing at twice that of the late payment penalties?Thanks in advance for your help :)
Hi,Xero is a live system, so why does the statement default date only goes up to the end of the last month?Will it not make more sense to default up to the day?Also, possibly a default start date that can be set per client or possibly linked to the start of the financial year.Thanks,
I am glad we finally have 2SA/2FA but I am asking that you add Symantec VIP Access authenticator in addition to the Google Authenticator.The reason being is that with the Symantec VIP Service, the user simply receives a pop-up (push notification) on their device (phone or ) to Deny or Allow access.
CLUSTER 3009
This amount is still there, and no-one has really mentioned how to get rid of it.One guy managed, by the sound of things, but he mentioned an accountant who had Xero experience sorted it for him.
The thing is, when I run my BAS for the 1st quarter of the 2012-2013 year (1 July to 30 September), it only shows the expenses that have come off the company bank account that I have reconciled.
We recently noticed a few of invoices with past due balance have been deleted from our account.I am not sure how has this happened but assuming someone within the company has done this, we ran a test to see if we can detect this.
We are currently using Xero and Tradify and notice that when an invoice created in Tradify is sent to Xero,at the same time the primary contact email address in Xero is overwritten by the only email address field in Tradify.
With the amount of add-ons available these days it’s becoming increasingly hard get a handle on them all.We have a client with a very seasonal business converting to Xero and will need a payroll add-on.
CLUSTER 3010
It looks like I have a Directors Loan (me) which has personal transactions against it.
If i record it as order, but the transaction has already been fully paid.
At the time I owed them money (about $600) for products that they had supplied to me.
Are there any plans on them upgrading their servers in the near future?Regards
I cannot process a payrun to submit the EPS from October to now.
CLUSTER 3014
It highlights both the 3 digit code box and the bank account number box when it does this.
If you change the name of the organisation within blue Xero, it does not get changed in Xero HQ.
There are tons of Xero users requesting very slightly different User permissions as feature requests.
If I print the report, it includes the pence, but once I convert it to a pdf it rounds to whole numbers.
CLUSTER 3015
What are the rules with regard to bank feeds, does it only update for the previous days transactions?
However, the client received an email which was altered and an invoice on which the payment details were not ours.
Please can you find a way to change User names with a same email address?
CLUSTER 3017
I also reconciled the bank account with this cash refund.I have just checked my P&L and can see that the refund has been counted twice and so is overstated.Please can someone tell me what I did wrong.Thanks
I really like the asset register but we complete the year end accounts for clients on separate software and will then post opening balances to our clients systems when the accounts are finalised.
PAYG deductions MUST be cacluclated on YTD earnings and not on the assumption that that the pay is for the Week/Fortnight/Half Month/ Month or Quarter as there is no facility for an annual payroll calendar.
Does anyone have any abattoir based clients using Xero, and if so, what logistics program are you using as an add-on to provide the truck run/invoicing function?
When someone interested in transitioning asks me how I like your system I tell them to go with QB instead because you refuse to address basic functionality like check printing.
Expense Categories in ioS app is not showing when option to add multiple receipts is used..they exist in the default option..  this really shouldn't' have been an oversight via developers.will this be fixed?
CLUSTER 3018
The client paid a deposit of €300, she then cancelled but loses her deposit.
The original amount showed up under transactions as payroll but did not correct with the reversal.
CLUSTER 3019
If it can be worked around some way, either through manual transactions or any specific account I will definitely migrate to Xero for this and all the added features.
I've just been using the GL balance to ensure I balance but would love to do it in the bank area if it's possible.Thanks in advance!
I apologize if these are dumb questions, but I haven't thought too much about GAAP since I passed the CPA exam many years ago.
The facility to be able to export all unpaid invoices into Excel and changing invoices which have been paid from status with awaiting payment to paid.
CLUSTER 3020
I have managed to extract the clients but not email addresses via the Sales by Item report...Kind RegardsSimon
In credit note screen it only allows me to get a cash refund, and not to allocate that note against an unpaid invoice.
I need to set up auto super in order to use super stream but I can see the only way to do this is through the payroll system.
CLUSTER 3025
( I have tried this method but then cannot print a receipt to give to the client) or, am I better off editing the initial invoice amount and then apply the full payment taken?
I am very frustrated as Xero support staff have told me that this is because the australian date format is not supported, yet I believe it is as the previous accounts that I've manually imported statements for have had the correct date format.
However, since the Reference field is available for cross-referencing and has been designed to be used on sales invoices, it must be accepted that this field will always be in use.
Hi, I need some help setting up an employee who wants to set up HECS/HELP payments but his income is below the threshold (meaning Xero will not allow me to click the option "greyed out").
It comes lines by line, but it doesnt bring the item code, so afterwards is not possible to keep track of the stock in Xero.Please provide guidelines on this please.Cheers
We tried reaching out to your customer service for severa times but they can't seem to find answers on this, plus the communication through email is not helping as it takes time for them to respond on time.
CLUSTER 3027
Can we please be able to export this report to an excel spreadsheet?
I was able to in the online version but cant find how to for desktops
We're only a small 3 person team so it doesn't have to be anything too complex.
CLUSTER 3028
Just about to change accountants and have now set up a new Xero subscription in our name (previous one was the accountants) so is it possible to export data from old Xero (1 Apr to 31 Dec) into our new Xero for the whole accounting year (1 Apr to 31 Mar)?Ideally would like all on one system for the year to 31 Mar rather than having to add two systems together or is there no option but to enter opening balances onto new Xero as at 31 Dec?
Is it possible to add a layer of reporting, not just location, but also by business unitFor example we have a hotel with a golf courseWe report the golf course as a separate location, but I'd like to report the 'kitchen' as a separate business unit within the hotel - I could do this as a separate location too but I want to see the performance of the hotel as a unit (including kitchen, bar, rooms etc.
Unfortunately for Xero and the customers, the forum for most purposes WORTHLESS piece of junk, coz what you and we have is merely hundreds thousands of individual voices partitioned off from each by the worst search function since the internet was created.Why even bother putting VOTES on feature requests we can't search for previously submitted requests, so we all just create new requests and that gets a vote or 2 and then fades aways into the black hole that is this forum.The search function issue on this forum has been raised time and time again since the Xero forum was introduced and yes I know it is IN PROGRESS but it went INTO PROGRESS awhile ago now and still nothing has been rolled out.If you ask me Xero has decided it has a good enough product and is now spending 99.999999% of it's budget on expanding it's customer base and not a great deal back into the product itself.
CLUSTER 3032
In Sage I would have extracted all the transactions from the period and sorted by posting date but I can't work out a way to do that in Xero.
In all cases assume the receipt is a proper tax receipt and the staff member has indicated where they were/what they were doing1.
I look after the accounts for a UK based business but we are currently in the process of buying a US based company.
When I enter transactions into Receive Money or Spend Money it does not show up in any reports except for the transaction report.
I know it isn't the best way of paying myself from an accounting perspective, but it is the way it's been thus far as I get myself organised.
When sales are made Unleashed creates a stock journal entry to reduce SOH and increase COGS.
CLUSTER 3033
Basically to satisfy the accountant I need to account for all the expenses and end up with a credit to the director's loan account.
It would be useful to have our practice name attached to our accounting staff when they are added as a user on a client's Xero.
Then, (since we use Paypal) Paypal payment to USPS is matched to the invoice of sale that was processed, automatically.
Can I reconcile one bank transaction to 2 different accounts?Thanks for any advice.Mike
I thought the wages amount would reconcile and find a match similar to what it does with bank rules and when it matches an invoice.
When he tries to enter time for pay period 3/20/201, that pay period is not available.
CLUSTER 3036
It doesn't show up the GST from the expense claims for expenses that happened in the period mentioned above.
I would like to import the invoices to match them to opening accounts receivables.
I have been advised that an overtime meal allowance should not be showing on the payment summaries as it is not taxable.
CLUSTER 3037
At the moment, their contractors record an online timesheet which flows through a CRM system.
A function to change the status from active to inactive, and not deleting user is good.
We send large volumns of invoices through a trade software and we then import over into Xero.
Not so with the WorkflowMax date picker.Suppose that 10 Apr 2015 is showing.
CLUSTER 3040
My client has two Xero separate login accounts and they have different bank accounts, one Xero account (say 'A') is looking after the other Xero account (say'B').
I don't want to delete them as I may want to report on them in the future, however I no longer use them and don't want them cluttering up the drop down menu when I am creating a sales invoice.Thanks
However despite trying several times, as well as checking all the trouble shooting help, we have been unable to create the Yodlee feed for the Charles Schwab Bank account.
CLUSTER 3041
The invoice represents mainly GST but also import taxes so it's not as simple as saying it includes GST.Do I use GST on Imports for the Tax Rate and GST for the Account?Any ideas?
Can you let me know why this feature no longer appears.,ALSO when I open up a contact and it shows the list of invoices overdue, paid etc it does not show THE DATE the invoice was raised.
The problem occurs when I press 'accept invite' and a prompt screen appears saying that I already have an account (which I don't) with that particular company an that all I have to do is to accept the invite and continue using the site.
I hope I'm not starting an existing thread but I couldn't find what I was after in the search topics.I am trying to add the balance of personal / carer's leave to my employees' payslips in the same way that annual leave appears.
Go to the third window, and a few minutes later, press the F5 button to refresh the page and look for the number of the To be Reconciled' to have changed with new transactions" Success!
CLUSTER 3042
I need all these fields for the accurate import of a batch into my online banking profile.
I would like to avoid this duplication of effort and understand better what he is telling me to do.
But when I go to "Spend Money" I don't have the option of my credit card account to apply it to.
But I need to manually change this for each time I use the publish feature.3.
CLUSTER 3043
Hi all,Looking into the best practice for booking costs related to a longer period (year, semester).
when you do a search of contacts the curser should automatically appear in the search box as that is where you will have to type a name into to do a search 99% of the time.
Whichever way I seem to do this, it results in incorrect figures on profit and loss or balance sheet.
I have edited the value at Payslip level but this hasn't updated the related Tax invoice for Inland Revenue (HMRC).
So, that means it doesn't want to take payments from this financial year that relate to invoices from last financial year.
CLUSTER 3044
Further to that the one MYOB file was used to not only record their business but also their rental property, mortgage and personal credit cards.
I want to be able to just run one report and export it to share with the board without having to do it for each month, export to excel and then collate them separately.
At the moment Xero does not have a proper beneficiaries profit distribution statement which shows  opening balances , distribution of profit for the year, any drawings and closing balances.
However, I did not received any responds at all(no phone, no email) so please does anyone know  the minimum requirement for becoming a Xero partner ?
Thus all the special edits pertinent to a particular client  eg particular reporting % entered could be reused saving time.
CLUSTER 3046
I have set up different bank accounts to try and track these but its the 'float' that's causing problems as this accumulates in xero.
😊 Incidentally the 'Description' column does not sort as that would be helpful, it simply blanks the screen and does not alter the sort at all.
Hi all, can anyone tell me if the new payroll for xero has the ability to mass upload and or import employees?
CLUSTER 3049
I've just reconciled a few days' transactions on my credit card account, but some of the purchases are not showing in the 'Purchases' account.
I'm wondering if there is a setting that allows a copy of the emails sent from Xero to copy across to Outlook?
Currently we have to download the file saved in the File Library to our computer again and then upload it to Workpapers.
The report shows holiday pay $ values, but only total of hours for annual leave, not the $ value?
CLUSTER 3053
Hello all,I posted this in the wrong thread before, so here I am again.I was just looking for some advice on which Tax Codes to set up for a Solicitor working in Ireland.
HI all,I am in the process of taking over my fathers business and started inputting data into Xero yesterday (start of the fiscal year).
Hi All,need some advice.We currently check the best vat payable method at the end of each trading period.
When I sign into the ATO Portal it is annoying because I then have to hunt around or log back into Xero just to access the company's ABN.
I would like to be able to select and move more than one row at a time when editing draft sales invoices.
Let us create an invoice through Xero, send it to the customer, have them pay with Square, and it all shows up back in Xero.
I am in the automotive industry & another programme SAM does this & i thought it would be very helpful if xero could also have this feature?
Also, when the invoice date is changed (I often enter an invoice for the following day), the due date should be updated automatically.
Hi,When displaying a purchase invoice with a tracking category, the tracking column is often truncated.e.g.
CLUSTER 3056
When I reviewed the transactions posted, I noticed that Xero did not use the exchange rate that we assigned for the transaction above.
Hi,Our club accepts member payments which are all paid generally on the same day each month for the same amount.
Only issue is the layout is different from the xero template so we have to manually alter the CSV in excel before import.
When I create the pay run the holiday pay amount is different to that owing which is $2512.30?
CLUSTER 3062
Hi,In my overdue invoices owed to me, I have several negative amounts which are credit notes issued to the client that are now out of business.
Xero allows the contractor to edit ONLY their financial detailsQuickbooks has a similar feature as I understand it.Does Xero have this ability?
A supplier credit note without a net figure doesn't seem to work!Any suggestions would be welcome.
Has anyone else noticed or having trouble with the reconcile screen not brining up rules or details of last similar transaction.
Often times, I don't have the time at the moment to fill in every piece of data including the correct contact name.
We love the bar graph that shows total cash in and out for the current month and previous 5 months.
When I create a new purchase order, the delivery address defaults to the postal address - which is almost never correct.
This to include the option to select several pay periods instead of having to select one pay period at a time.
With SAGE we used to be able to enter a batch of invoices without having to effectively re-create the purchase invoice.
The thing about Xero is: it doesn't seem to live anywhere...Accounting is not my thing, but It is a task I need to perform in my business.
CLUSTER 3063
I have since discovered by my own research that there is a section in the supplier contact file that now (for some unknown reason) includes our company name on some of my suppliers (I didn't enter this info as our company name is spelled incorrectly as must have been a behind-the-scenes change to xero), and this is what is preventing the invoice number displaying on the audit report.
Upon reviewing our BAS's, I realised that the BAS has been reported in Accrual basis instead of Cash.The problem was due to the fact that our legal system is linked to our accounting system and any invoices to clients we generate are being populated into Xero automatically and reported as sales.
Receipting individual payments to the Undeposited Funds account and then transferring between accounts when banking does not allow for a Bank Deposit slip to be printed.Reason we like to receipt in payments (and allocate to Undeposited funds) when received is so that our Accounts Receivables are always reflecting accurate figures.For businesses to operate efficiently, it would be great if Xero could add this feature/function into the program.
Petty Cash Balance of £230 (£240 - £10)04/01/16: Deposit £130 to bank account to keep my petty cash float at £100.I'd like to use the petty cash account to reflect how much the business holds in cash and then what it transfers to the business current account.
CLUSTER 3065
We registered for VAT which started on the 1st Jan 2015.
The transfer to other owners when doing a rental property schedule is very annoying.
CLUSTER 3068
I have been faced with this issue everytime I email an invoice to a customer and if the customer elects to pay by Paypal, the customer get charged GST even if the invoice is GST inclusive.I called Paypal and asked what do I need to do but they said it is my settings in Xero that triggers this issue.Has anyone came across this issue and how was it fixed?
Hi there,Is there a way to process a pay run without transferring payment via Xero?I have just set it up and was too late to change the transfer at my bank, but everything is set up so if I complete the pay run the employees will be paid twice.Thanks, Jazmin
CLUSTER 3069
* Is it correct its book value shows the amount we paid for and that differs on the balance sheet (Purchase - GST)?Thanks all in advance :)
It’s my understanding that the rental equipment is a Fixed Asset as they should last minimum 3-5 years depending on the machine.
Non financial advisor users can process the invoice, but I must approve it as financial advisor as it's in a locked period.
That is a very long process when you are quickly trying to scan through your reconcile screen for review before clicking Ok on each auto-match.
On the cash coding screen instead of simply hiding the matching transactions have a feature that allows us to match them off there.
However, we are not recognizing the tuition income, before it is earned, similarly the scholarship promised is adjusted when income is earned.
).2- Also the government is going to be paying the employer Jessica's maternity leave, the employer then has to forward this payment to Jessica.
CLUSTER 3070
We spoke of the ongoing cost of Xero but not of my charges on our first appointment (free, right!)
Against the customer will be all the relevant charges for the period of time and nothing that is paid out is missed being charged out.
Once I have a few pages of quotes it would be great to be able to search for the title instead of having to scroll through them.
The others all have anniversaries coming up so easy to adjust their holiday pay opening balances.
CLUSTER 3071
Hi AllI have a situation where we paid a supplier but then the job didn't go ahead so they refunded us the full amount.
However, I want the ability to send invoices only to the accounts receivable person without bothering the owner.
I love the features that the iPhone/ iPad app has to offer, but as a BB user, I´d love to have the same features fon BB.
Even when you process the batch it still does not give you the total figure for each supplier, so you are forever double checking things.
CLUSTER 3072
IMPORTANT: In both situations the client is registered for VAT in the UK and also in Germany.If they ship goods from the UK directly to a non-vat registered customer, I believe that they should be charing 19% VAT and subsequently declaring this on their German VAT return.Firstly, is this correct?Secondly if it is, does it mean that the sale needs to be included in the UK VAT return?
I'm running a Business Activity statement and the drop down on the page does have an option called installment activity statement but when I select it and click update it just runs the BAS with no W1, W2 or other fields I need.It must be there I'm just looking in the wrong area.Can anyone help?cheersGreg
Hi everyone,our German company wants to start using xero, but it is highly problematic that you can't send reminders for overdue sales invoices.How are your experiences with xocashflow for non- english-speaking companies and customers?Are the email-templates managable in other languages, have you had troubles with currencies, decimal commas, tax display and whatnot?Do you have the option of printing out the reminders and sending them via letter?Thanks a lot for your help.
CLUSTER 3073
It would be a total disaster if it was gone.Luckily it disappeared from dashboard only.
Our biggest problem is that clients keep denying that they have received the invoices.
CLUSTER 3075
However they will not be paying this full amount, the government will be chipping in a fixed amount of 4k.How can i set this up on the invoice?Thanks
I've enabled cash payments to be made to the directors' loan nominal, and can then use it to settle the wages invoice.
Xero works with some versions of Capital One, but does not currently work with the Spark Credit Card line.
Condition Fix:We are limited to 57 conditions in one rule when selecting ANY .ticket number 1749568
I am still finding end users are using incorrect GST codes particularly BAS Excluded.
CLUSTER 3081
I can only change to BAS excluded, which is not really correct, as its a business expense, but a GST free one.Also, when I am in the Detailed Account transactions report, and I go into a transaction to edit it, I can't get back to the original report without navigating back through all the menu levels.
Does anyone know if there are api links ( I think that's what you call it- when different software talks to each other) that would make it possible to extras the clarity invoice into Xero Regards Graeme Murrayglasgow
When viewing the customers details pages that shows sales activity and contact info etc, it would be really helpful to have a link to any repeating invoices that are active on that particular customer.
I then created an earnings line being the following:Earning's Name : 'Uniform Allowance - Full Time'Earning's Category : AllowanceRate Type : Fixed AmountAmount : $4.85Excellent I thought.. this is super easy..Across to the employee..
Now I have to click a link, log in, click save to PDF, open my downloads folder, and THEN drag it into Xero.Might only be an extra 30 seconds yes, but multiply that with all the others you have to do and it really adds up.Such a pain in the backside.
CLUSTER 3083
As the registered Xero Admin user, I would like to be able to login as one of the other registered users for the purpose of trouble shooting their issues and to have the ability to see what they are seeing on screen.
I'm aware that the actual tax payments are visible in Bills Awaiting Payment, but they are split out according to the withholdings and not summed into the actual payment totals due.
During the implementation we wanted to use Xero for GL and Payroll but continue to use RetailManager and Export / Import Purchases and Sales - has anyone already done this?
Her gross pay and net pay are the same.She has no P45 so i need to use tax code 1060L  but there is no place to add starter declaration code B.?Very disappointed as i wanted to like Xero.
We want our reps to be able to use it to purely raise invoices for customers and only be able to access the selling prices, the customer contacts only and only be able to see invoices they have raised.
CLUSTER 3085
But in Xero it looks like I am unable to do this unless I amend the template for each time.
However, on occasion I APPROVE an invoice but overlook the next step of EMAILing it.
The debtor and creditor are different entities.Does anyone have a similar situation and/or solution.
CLUSTER 3088
Can i just code them as normal to the specific expense accounts/columns or do they have to go into some sort of journal first then get allocated ?
I thought I could add this as a new tax in the Tax Rate settings area but it appears that only percentages are allowed.
This seems to have worked great, we have the logo and everything :-), but obviously now we have all our old transactions in the old PAYPAL account.Any advice much appreciatedRegardsDaniel
Despite the fact that there are no payments attached to that invoice now, Xero does not allow me to edit the invoice (edit that will change the total amount of the invoice).
I now wonder why I cannot see the full window for my uploaded .docx branding themes, but only the left column and not even completely.
CLUSTER 3092
When we add a budget, a report needs to show our current cash levels and according to the Budget, when is there an expected cash crunch so that we can allocate more funds at that time or budget for more cash.
But when I try and apply that rate to any of the costs, it doesn't appear in the drop down menu.It's not that big a deal, considering the tax rate is GST on Imports, and at present they've been using GST Free.
This is ok except the system has updated the address on all the previous invoices to the new Australian address which at the time of supply the goods were supplied to a New Zealand Address.
We run the payroll for our Australian business from the UK using Xero payroll.This is normal done by exporting the data from our timesheet software to Xero via the API.
We are a UK based accountancy firm and have a client who is considering using Manu online for stock control... does anyone have any experience of the product as it is not something we have used before?
CLUSTER 3093
Appreciate that would still give the correct year to date figures but would like to have the full analysis/breakdown on one system if possible which surely it is?Apologies if this has been asked umpteen times before but have searched I promise!
If it has been copied to a bill, then it is now a draft bill, and should not matter if it has yet been approved.The workflow between two people (where one person makes the POs and bills, and the other approved them), would be greatly enhanced by the simple change.
When creating rules we can only select if "all" or "some" but a more comprehensive set of if/then rules would be awesome - for me it's being able to select some products as ebooks (in some countries they have a lower vat rate) and say all other products get the other rate kind of thing.
Here in British Columbia, Canada, the Ministry of Finance needs a report that shows all transactions outside our province.And the US needs the balance of transactions with US clients each year too.
My automatic feeds from PayPal seemed to be going fine and my xero balance and balance in PayPal were always matching, basically since the start of this year though, each week it is off by a little to the point where now it is a complete mess.
Hope that Xero look into this soon as more and more of us use smartphones I have the app for xero but it will not let me create an invoice for my customers on a smart phone please add this feature soon thanks
CLUSTER 3094
Attempt to credit manual payment from the "Prepayments" account, but that account is not in the "Pay From" dropdown.If I go into "Settings" => "Chart of Accounts", I can "Enable Payments" to the "Prepayments" accounts.
For example, a customer may order '6 sausages' and then the actual cost of those sausages is calculated by weight, which I cannot know until after I have received the items from my supplier.
My main beef is that when I go online to submit the draft expense receipts for approval your system says, we cannot submit the receipts because one of them is in error.
There is a Pay Now button on the Sales Invoices that we send out to our clients, but my business keeps payment information on file for many of our clients and runs payments once a month.
I am currently getting the contact id from the url when I view a contact but with over 1000 customers export is the only real way to do this..Is there a way to get Contact ID on the export?
I am involved in online marketing, building websites etc, and one of the things about that business is that it's always evolving and there's always new information or software.
CLUSTER 3095
If the page rolls over into 2 pages doesn't seem to work, but the search function seems to help3)Once selected then add to batch payment4)Enter payment date and select bank account  5) Enter cheque number or payment reference6)Click Make payments and job doneButit has now left you into the bank account section with nowhere to go so if you need to enter another payment you have to start all over again.
One of my girls took 4 weeks of annual leave to have a jaw operation.As she had used up her annual leave, I gave her 1 week extra (under the personal/carer's leave) to fully recover and rest.Have not done any set up for personal / carer's leave : how do i do that please?So naturally, the annual leave under her Employee Name is 46.58hours.BUT under leave balance, its 8.58 hours.She has 8.58 hours of annual leave but on her payslip, it says 46.58 hours.I need to recitfy this immediately.Please help!
CLUSTER 3097
When creating a sales invoice from a quote, if you are using the reference box for other references, the original quote number does not appear on the newly created invoice.
Casual sales staff don't need to know how much we owe to suppliers etc.At the moment, my staff can enter an invoice, but then I need to approve and send it.
All deductions from the employee's pay, including: the amount and details of each deduction and the name, or name and number of the fund / account the deduction was paid into11.
To safe typing the details of a credit note from scratch could the invoice, to which it relates, be used to create the credit note.
The automatic matching often chooses the newest invoice when the customer is usually trying to pay the oldest invoice, so worth double checking.
CLUSTER 3099
It all looks great but we seem to have problems taking photos of our expenses - they don't always attach to the receipt but don't give any indication as to why.
I receive stock on a consignment basis which means I'm not 'billed' for the goods (one of the methods of adding SOH numbers).
We have 14 clients who are part of the same group, each of which has a unique site address to which the invoice has to go but all of which have exactly the same company name.
I'm trying to reconcile Creditor Statements against the report but the report currently includes ALL the payables whether paid or not.
We  are  looking  for  a consolidated   report  that   Payroll/HR  can  generate   to  monitor  this  Leave  unpaid   for  a  period  of  time
CLUSTER 3104
I could ask to make individual receipts available for on-charging as they are in my old MYOB version, but this is too much functionality to ask for, and so I’d be happy with a .pdf that I could attach to the invoice.Kind Regards,Si
I would like to be able to see what I have paid and what is due not just what has been posted as super.I am also using the automatic superannuation payments - I would like to see a running total as I tick the items off to match against my payroll report.
CLUSTER 3106
The issue is that it displays the results in the following form 9/92013 12:00am.
the only way to do this would be to be able to check transactions by entry date, otherwise I can't find them!
I had a quick look through the add-ons but couldn't find anything that dealt with this specifically.Thanks.
Link with Xero & you have true end-to-end management of your entire business., check out .
CLUSTER 3108
When I did the application I have requested hmrc back date it to the beginning of the quarter.I then changed to flat rate in financial settings assuming they will accept my application but won't know for up to 30 days.
It really does make the bookkeeping side of things quite fun.An improvement that I would like to see is the ability to paste invoice lines straight from a spreadsheet like Excel.
Any payroll service without this is UNPROFESSIONAL AND IRRESPONSIBLE, not only due to the time wasted, but due to the federal and state tax notices and penalties that will surely result.
When you type in an employees date of birth, it would be great like other accounting software it shows the age of that person, so much easier to work out rate of pays for junior employees
I thought that maybe Xero would not "move" the transactions already reconciled but it is still happening to transactions we are reconciling after the changing of the details of in the chart of accounts.
I've played in the Demo company but all I can see is the export of the entire customer list, and then once this is done, there's no field showing the group that each customer belonged to to allow a sort to be done in excel?
Trying to check that the Purchases>Bills amounts from July & August (before the new payroll changes) were the same amount as the Pay runs from that date.I noticed all of my pay runs from July 14 are showing as deleted.
Hi MeganJust a real quick one from me at the moment, and don't take this the wrong way but I hope not to have to communicate with you on here much after this thread!What login details am I using for RTI submission?
CLUSTER 3109
Currently I record my outgoings on a spreadsheet, cross check them against my bank statements and invoices, take the revenue from the records on my website and other sales channels and pass it all on to accountant.
That's fine for GST-free items, but very disconcerting for taxed items when I need to double-check the line amounts against the till receipt.
Enabling 2 references to be entered when inputting purchase invoices would help me check if I have a duplicate invoice.At present I am prefixing my supplier invoice ref.
This means that every time we enter a transaction we have to remember the tracking code that is to be associated with an inventory item and have to spend the time entering this on every invoice.
Not sure if I'm doing something wrong, but our email template uses "Contact Name" but this pulls in the name of the company and not the name of the person at that company.Eg.
if they are earning below tax threshold it seems reasonable that the tax wouldn't calculate, but surely the super should calculate?Looking forward to any tips you might have?
CLUSTER 3111
Let's say you have expenses of 2000 in the year 2014 and 3000 for the year to date at 31st Aug, you would therefore have a debit balance of 5000 on the account on the trial balance to 31st of August, however when you enter this, you get a journal for 2000 at 31st Dec 14, making 2014 correct, but then you get a journal of 5000 at 31st August, as shown on the P&L for the respective years.Maybe I'm doing something wrong but it seemed obvious to me at the time that I would put in the same set of trial balance figures all the way down?Has anyone else had this problem or is this somehow the intended behaviour?
Hello,Our employees have leave loading on their annual leave at 17.5%, i have set this up in the payroll settings to calculate automatically when they are on leave however Superannuation is not payable on the leave loading component and Xero is not showing the leave loading as a separate line, just increasing their rate while on leave by the 17.5% so Super is calculating on it.Is there anyway to split so the business isn't paying an extra 9.5% onto of the 17.5%?Many Thanks,felicity
CLUSTER 3112
I can only seem to fix it for every individual day?
If they do not do this it creates problems as the employee balance is incorrect.
Your report does not show the name of the employee selected.
CLUSTER 3114
Hi we have a contact which has an invoice which has a payment all done as usual however when reconciling the system will not find any of the contact, invoice or payment?Any ideas?
I run a small business; the most common task is to place an order, so I raise a Bill for orders placed or that I foresee placing with Suppliers, i.e.
2)  Additionally your adviser can at his/her own discretion outsource the work to another contractor who may not be bound by any non-disclosure statements you've had them sign.
One of the reasons I chose to migrate to Xero is for its email templates/feature, that's why I don't want to be redirected to using PDF version.Best regards,
The only options I have when clicking on Options > Edit is to rename the several titles.I am very much looking forward to your answers.Many thanks in advance and best regards!Michael S.
I have attempting to log in with my "My Payroll" details but it doesn't show any details and if I login with my normal accounts/admin login I don't see any payroll information.
We are a small business, so most leave request is verbal, rather than requested via the Xero system (which we will change ASAP) so we haven't been "scheduling" holidays.
CLUSTER 3115
In Norway, the UBL specification is called EHF (Elektronisk Handelsformat).What is the state of UBL in Xero and have you even heard about this international standard from Oasis?https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/tc_home.php?wg_abbrev=ublHere's the wikipedia entry: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_Business_Language
We have each store "branch" set up as a Tracking Category and record all sales invoices to the appropriate branch.Unfortunately there is no way to filter the Sales Tax Report by Tracking Category to show totals for each branch location.As it stands, we have to do a lot of manual calculations to 'back into' the amount for each location.
We are using the feature to email bills from our company email to the xero inbox to then attaching to new bill.It would be very advantageous to have this feature to be able to attach the document in the xero inbox to an existing document/bill, not just new ones.
CLUSTER 3117
Our business is Buy/Sell , and Sell/ BuyEvery invoice to a customer generates a purchase order to a supplier.Sometimes we first buy from the supplier and then sell to the customer.But its always two ways.Xero doesn't seem to link the buying and selling...same product name, delivery, description to the customer and to buyer.
First off, my apologies if these questions are somewhere in the archives or help guide, but I've spent a good amount of time trying to figure these out on my own but to no avail.I am switching over from Quickbooks Pro 2009, needing a web-based program and did not like Quickbooks Online.
The 'other deductions' made during the year were NOT deducted off the number reported to the ATO, so the treatment seems to be different.Therefore it looks like the amount we have now reported to the ATO is incorrect by this opening balance deduction, which was actually a salary advance and therefore should have been included.How do I correct this or is this a system error?
However, Xero treats them as though they never happened and to this date (end of October) the Employees listing shows Next Payment Date as 2 Aug, 9 Aug, 19 Jul, 26 Jul.How can I reset these dates so they are all brought up to the current date and I can get the normal Pay Run feature to present me with the correct dates?
CLUSTER 3121
What account type should I make under the chart of accounts for this?I saw in the videos - 300 - purchases but isnt under my chart of accounts.As such these purchase orders are for services I on sell to the customer.Any help would be great!
This is time consuming if you have a number of invoices being raised at one time - for example, I rise invoices once a week and c40 invoices at a time - invariably I up load the file but miss the attach to invoice bit.
Pardon if this has already been requested/suggested.After selecting a number of supplier bills to pay via check (in the USA), I would love to have the option to send remittance advice emails to the intended recipients.
I'm wanting to give them a fresh start from 1/7/16 or possibly earlier.I'm thinking I might need an unscheduled pay run in the pre conversion period to zero it all out?
When entering contact details, can we not have contacts already on the system pop up like they do when entering an invoice?At the moment, it is only when you have entered ALL of their details and hit save that you find out they are already on the system.
I've noticed a weird issue when using any of the date picker on all screens that it appears - entering a new invoice or bill date or expected payment date etc.
HI everyoneI know this has been asked a few times, but 477 vs 804..I was reconciling my bank transaction to 477 so i edited each transaction and now i reconcile to 804..My question is, should the pay item be assigned to 477 or 804?
Currently, each employee records the above info on paper as the job unfolds, then at the end of the day sends the info to the bookkeeper - who then manually transfers the info into Xero - directly into an invoice which is then sent to the client.
CLUSTER 3125
It would be handy for other suppliers not to have to rely on the remittance advice that is sent and only have to rely on the bank statement.
I tried in the new P&L report but I couldn't see where you could select any jobs.ThanksJo RowellbusinessDEPOT
It allows me to choose which file to attach, I click open then nothing happens?Can anyone help me out on this?
Xero just imports the first line but puts the total as the sum of all the bills on my CSV file!
CLUSTER 3128
This makes it difficult to approve expense claims without following up with the staff member to see if they have correctly allocated them to the right client.
If during the entry, one needs to switch from say invoice number to name, after entering 20 payments, the payments are lost and I have to start over again.
The download can be sorted by Employee surname or Employee number but unfortunately not by employee first name which is the order Xero puts them in.
Essentially I want to print or export to PDF the page I see when I go to Contacts > Customers and then choose this specific client.
Please add or delete invoices or credit notes to bring the balance to zero"This is about an invoice issued by the end of 2015, but paid in 2016.
CLUSTER 3130
I would do a transfer for $7500, but then the $2000 in tax money remained in my accounts.
From about 20 suppliers, 10 are sending me directly invoices through my access point.
We have set them up as Users with the  "Invoice Only- Invoice=Purchases Only" user role.
An added complication is that we are using TaxJar to calculate the sales tax due.
It also doesn't format with a comma, so I need to add them to the city field when setting up contacts.
CLUSTER 3132
I'm trying to post some past purchase orders into the inventory account, but when I'm going through the list of accounts to post it to, Inventory is not one of the options.
It slows your work because every time you need to go to the next cell or previous cell etc you need to use the mouse.
If I draft a quote and go to email it, it wants to send it to the primary contact in accounts rather than the deparment head requesting the quotation.
CLUSTER 3133
There are payments against them.Can someone tell me how to delete these out so im not scrolling past them everytime when trying to find a match for a payment.Thanks
When we purchase the manufactured goods off the manufacturer (we supply them the ingredients), we use their invoice to bring the items into Stock on Hand.
I'd like to be able to split up a payment to go to different accounts -- all on one screen instead of having to waste all the time switching between screens.
Staff may as well just use the website only and do all their receipt entry and claim submitting in one hit at the one time.
Cody S and Cody S.  The son does not have a Jr. in his name officially and therefore the bank has hassled him in the past when I wrote Jr in the payee section.
once payrun is processed, I can hit one button to transfer the funds into employee bank accounts automatically as opposed to having to do this manually.Thanks.
However if I set @ 31/12 the statement shows invoices invoiced in December which aren't payable till January.
But if I have to enter all transactions the total won't match the per diem rate...Or can I just collect all expenses in Excel and then process a summary reimbursement to the employee?
I also can't manually enter leave directly to the payslip (such as unpaid leave) and have it back flow to the employee record.
CLUSTER 3135
For example, a YE balance sheet in Xero shows the following:Common Stock                                             10,000Current Year Earnings                                   55,000Dividends Declared During Current Year     -50,000Retained Earnings (from prior year)                1,000Total Equity                                                    16,000When it should just be showing:Common Stock                                                                          10,000Retained Earnings (net, accumulated, as of end of this year)     6,000Total Equity                                                                                16,000You can do a manual journal entry to net out the Current Yr Divs vs Retained Earnings as follows (which is the classic way of closing out dividends declared during the year):DR Retained Earnings                                       50,000CR Dividends Declared During Current Year     50,000(you cannot DR Current Year Earnings instead of Retained Earnings in the above entry because Xero calculates such on the fly (i.e, there is no "real" Current Year Earnings account in Xero).But then the year end balance sheet presentation is in the also incorrect (in my opinion) form of:Common Stock                                                                           10,000Current Year Earnings                                                                 55,000Retained Earnings (accumulated as of the end of this year)     -49,000Total Equity                                                                                  16,000Help greatly appreciated
I absolutely hate Xero because of this and am probably going to switch my service to Quickbooks or other because of this simple, but very time consuming lack of logic on Xero's part.Mint Logical Way to recode on the flyhttps://www.dropbox.com/s/ce4wn0rywklr0rt/mint%20transction%20recode%20on%20the%20fly.png?dl=0https://www.dropbox.com/s/0cxqyhqhb9hps74/mint%20editable%20categories%20on%20the%20fly.png?dl=0Xero Asinine limited view of transactions that requires 2 clicks to get into each transaction = hellhttps://www.dropbox.com/s/btqv6q1ia4asod8/xero%20transaction%20view%20limited.png?dl=0Xero allows this clicking and editing on the fly once you are DEEP inside the transaction, but this functionality here, should exist on the main transaction screen just as it does for Mint and many other accounting softwares:https://www.dropbox.com/s/nougl1a39amsezj/xero%20editing%20deep%20inside%20transaction.png?dl=0
Once we have approved our sales invoices we then send "some" via emailWe cant see from the selected invoices whos email we have and whos we dontSo we have to select all - Click on send by emailThen write down who Doesnt have an email addressGo back to our Invoices listUnclick the ones we dont have email addresses for andSelect "send email" againQuite tedious when you are doing an invoice run of about 100 invoicesMy Question is - Why cant we just deselect the invoices from the email list of those who dont have email addresses attached to them - (their is no view prior to this stage showing who has an email address and who doesnt, so you have to select all)I know xero gives the option and wants you to ADD the email address, but when you have a list of approx 100 invoices it is not the time to contact all your customers for their email addressI Hope this makes senseIf you put the theory into practise it will
I own single family home rental properties, and I'm trying to set these up correctly in Xero.Example case:Purchase Price: $70,000 (I want to ignore all of the extra costs I would add on for now)Loan Amount: $56,000How do I enter all of this so that all of my numbers line up?I set up a Fixed Asset and set the Purchase Price to $70,000, however I don't see this on my balance sheet, why?For the mortgage, I entered a Manual Journal entry as follows:Debit: 1000 - Rental Property (Fixed Asset): $56,000Credit: 2701 - Rental Property Mortgage (Non-Current Liability): $56,000On my Balance Sheet it shows 'Rental Property' as $56,000 instead of what I would expect which is $70,000 - $56,000 = $14,000.
If you provide a payment schedule in this way, then you must pay the scheduled amount in full on or before the due date for the progress payment to which the payment claim relates.Consequences of not responding to payment claimIf you do not respond to the payment claim by paying the claimed amount in full or providing a payment schedule that sets out the amount you are prepared to pay, then you will become liable to pay the claimed amount and the payee may recover from you, as a debt due, in the appropriate court, the unpaid portion of the claimed amount and the actual and reasonable costs of recovery awarded against you by the court.Consequences of indicating that you will pay nothing or less than claimed amountIf you do respond to the payment claim by providing a payment schedule but indicate in the schedule that you are prepared to pay nothing or an amount less than the claimed amount, the payee may take issue with you doing so.
The payee may bring court proceedings against you and refer the matter as a dispute for adjudication under the Act.Consequences of not paying scheduled amount in manner indicated by payment scheduleIf you do respond to the payment claim by providing a payment schedule but do not pay the scheduled amount on or before the due date for the progress payment to which the payment claim relates, the payee may recover from you, as a debt due, in the appropriate court, the unpaid portion of the scheduled amount and the actual and reasonable costs of recovery awarded against you by the court.Advice to residential occupierImportant: If you do not understand this information or if you want advice about how best to respond to the payment claim, you should consider getting legal advice immediately.The due date for a progress payment is the date agreed for payment of the progress payment between you and the payee as parties to the construction contract.
Scenario:I run a small business form home, when I get say, my water bill, I enter this into Xero and I code invoice as 2 lines.Example, water bill for $ 39.04 including GST.My home office claim for the Inland Revenue is 21%.Line 1: QTY: 0.21 - UNIT PRICE: 39.01 - ACCOUNT: Home Office Expense - TAX RATE: 15% GST on expensesLine 2: QTY: 0.79 - UNIT PRICE: 39.01 - ACCOUNT: Drawings - TAX RATE: No GSTThe issue is, as I enter line 2, even though I have selected the new account, Drawings which is set in the Chart of Accounts for No GST, it defaults to the GST rate for the line above (in this case it selected 15% GST on expenses which is wrong) and I must remember to change this manually every time.
I have had to shut my business down recently, and due to the mess of the separation (other half was 'doing' the bookwork) i find myself unemployed and still having to pay $50 a month just to keep xero active while i try to do the bookwork myself inbetween looking for worki dont ave much of a clue what im doing and have had little help.is there a payment option in for xero to allow me to keep access to MY data but without having to pay for a full version every monthi have half a year of transactions that m having to back date to do my quartly reports, i have asked for help on several things from the Xero twitter team and havnt gotten a replyand no i cant afford for an accountant to do it, im now unemployed, out of money and out of options but if xero dont get their $ they lock me out.at least if i had quickbooks locally installed i could work on it in my own pace without the pressure.any help/information would be appreciated.i basically would need to make new invoices but they would all be on last years datesthanks for your time.Richard
We do a lot of business with US Wineries and have a US Company established to work with them.Until recently there was no need for the US Company to employee anyone directly but this has changed with 2 employees now working for us in the USA.We have a wealth of experience with Australian Payroll from both an employee and employers perspective and as such we are able to manage our payroll from within Xero and love how simple it is.I'm sure we will be able to manage our US Payroll just as easily in xero but our lack of confidence with US Payroll has stopped us from doing so.At the moment we are using a third party company to process our payroll, which is expensive and seems to be very complex.I know there are some online webinars both live and pre recorded that myself and our bookkeeper will work through but I'm hoping to find someone who can offer some consulting services to help us migrate our two employees to the Xero payroll system.If this is something you think you can help with let me know so we can have a quick chat at a time that suits.RegardsJamie
For accurate reporting purposes, I feel this should be updated to reflect the net amount paid by the Employer.Here is what is currently reflected on the paystub for an employee with dependents:"Deductions"Employee Paid Health Insurance $436.64Employee Paid Dental Insurance $152.10Total: $588.74"Benefits"Employer Paid Health Insurance $863.49Employer Paid Dental Insurance $275.45 Total: $1,138.94 the "benefits" amount includes employee + dependents cost and does not reflect the $588.74 taken from the employee's pay.If the report is modified as requested, the "Benefits" section will accurately reflect what the company has paid for this employee and the paystub will appear like this:"Deductions"Employee Paid Health Insurance $436.64Employee Paid Dental Insurance $152.10"Benefits"Employer Paid Health Insurance $426.85Employer Paid Dental Insurance $123.35
At present there doesn't appear to be any company providing hr administration integration for the uk market - am i missing something, does anybody know of a company that is?I've seen that there are plenty of companies offering it for us and aussie xero users, does anybody know if any of those companies products are suitable for the uk or any are planning a uk version of what they're doing?only found out that there are loads of companies offering these features after a bit of digging found on the aussie site 12 integrations for hr and payroll, many of which have excellent hr admin features, to only 3 in the uk none of which have hr admin features.would be really helpful as whilst it's great that xero have brought payroll to the uk its hr features are very limited, ie no dates for reviews or training, no upload of contracts, no timesheets, notes limited to 300 characters etc
CLUSTER 3136
I see Paypal and Stripe, but the fees are about 3%.
Their contacts are grouped in a membership contact group.
CLUSTER 3138
I made a donation to the 'New Zealand Police Managers' Guild Trust' but the receipt doesn't actually say 'donation'.They've just sent a tax invoice that says 'Bronze compliment of a friend'.So where would I code this to?
But it's missing a key element.By using this method to create WooCommerce Custom URL's, we can use our own branded WordPress site running WooCommerce to create payment urls.
I then have to manually change this to the physical address each time.Can you either have the delivery address default to the organisation's physical address (which I presume would be correct most of the time for most businesses), or allow us to choose which we want it to default to?
Both offices use a common chart of accounts other than the bank accounts.Again, to keep transactions separated, we wish to pay our employees from a different bank account depending on which office they work in.Does anyone know how we could treat this situation in Xero?
CLUSTER 3139
Allowing the ability to warn the user that the invoice date they keyed is for a date outside current year.
We cannot cancel the previous days payment as it has already been reconciled so it is added as a credit note.
However, I often deal with an item where the invoice is issued for costs that relate to a future period.
CLUSTER 3140
Hi  thereIt would be great to have a Timesheet report that shows the hours that have been coded to a Job (tracking) - I understand there is a report of this nature in Australia.ThanksAngela
But when accessing through Google Chrome into Xero, I also have the same issue but this time it showed javascript:Please urgently assist as I need to run my Xero reports.
CLUSTER 3143
The problem is that I run a cash basis business so none of the sales or income numbers are correct as I have unpaid invoices (quotes really) that show up as income.Can the Account Watchlist be set to Cash Basis pretty please???
Hi,We are a small business and new to Xero so apologies if this is something that already exists, although I have been unable to find it.We would like to be able to see a history of a contact based on the items they have purchased, but not at invoice level i.e.
I am aware that they can always open the ABA file through Notepad, but the client is not technical and I am concerned about them making accidental changes to the ABA file.It will be great to hear from anyone who have uploaded an ABA file to CBA internet banking.Thanks.Arun
By doing this we would no longer have duplicate invoices going to the revenue accounts.My second option is to turn off the Square-Xero integration and handle the fees and offset invoices in the bank account when Square sends money.
