CLUSTER 0
Can anyone help the entries required?
Hi,I'd be really thankful for any help on this.
I wonder if anyone could help.
How does this work in Xero?Thank you for your help.
Can anyone explain things to me please?
Can anyone explain how to do this?Thank you very much,
Does anyone know how to make the entry?
How do i edit this?Thanks all for the help and support!
Anyone here can help to clarify and shorten the above?
Does anybody know if this will cause an issue?
Can anyone offer any assistance please?
Can anyone suggest why this might be happening?
Does anyone know of a way around this?
Any other solutions anyone got working?
(I know I should be doing this but it doesn't always happen)Cheers,
Is it possible to delete notes against a contact?
Does anyone have another work-around for this?
Has anyone else had this issue or is this normal?
Hi Wonder if anyone can help with this.
Has anyone a solution to this problem or a workaround?
Can anyone help with a work around for this?
Is this already a feature or can be be done?ThanksStephen
Anyone can help regarding with this problem?
How can I include May?Thanks for your help.
Has anyone else had this happen before?Thanks.
Please help if anyone has any guidance for me.
Is this possible in this format, or another?thanks
Can anyone suggest if this is possible please?
Anyone found a way around this?
Does anyone know if this is possible please?
Or does something else need to be done?
Does anyone else have a similar issue?
Does anyone know what this means and how I can fix it up?
Is this sort of budget possible in Xero?
Can anyone advise on how I can achieve what I need?
Can anyone advise how we can correct this please?
Anyone else see this or had to deal with this?
Does anyone else have any suggestions please?
Is anyone able to shed any light on this?
I am wondering if anyone can please help.
Hi There, Just wondering if anyone can help me.
Does anyone know of anyone that does this?Thanks you
Could you let me know what to do to correct this?
Hello, I am new in this but can anyone help me?
Can anyone shed any light on this please?
Anyone found a work around for this?
Does anyone have any solution to this so I can speed things up?
Does anyone know how I can fix this issue?
My problem is that there seems to be too many steps.
Has anyone heard any talk of this happening?.
I would say that overall I am satisfied.
CLUSTER 1
Now I am going to invoice those customers - how do I match the invoices to the income in advance.
This way you can see instantly the approximate cash flow situation.
Hi folks, are there any known issues with the Lloyds bank feed.
CLUSTER 2
On a customer's statement show with a flag if an invoice is fully paid.
We should be 1/4 - 30/9, can anyone advise how to change this?
Paypal credit is a fairly new online credit card.
Hi, How do I record the WHT held by customer when they pay our invoice?
How would I go about adding this to Xero as something that is recurring each month?
For example I can't see INV-0011 to INV-0019 on the report.
Hi,I run an investment trust (Trust A) on behalf of the beneficiaries.
Hi there,Is there any way to to create an account receivable not linked to a sale.
But on the book, company has in total paid out $2300.How should I handle this in Xero?
There is no way I could send it to a customer.Any help much appreciated
Are our service providers effectively our customers from whom we make commission revenue?
Is it possible to have Tracking Categories always be completed when anyone on all transactions?
How do I allocated that direct to them with out having to use the Prepayment GL account Thank you
I had a car written of and the settlement amount was greater than the loan on the vehicle.
There is an option in Xero to create a 'Repeating' invoice, but i have a few questions:1.
I need to remove these payments so that I can reconcile with the actual bank statement.
Xero is posting all transactions to Sales Tax control Account.
Which account could should I be using to reconcile the transaction?Thanks,Yasar.
In relation to the advertising funds and how it should be treated on Xero, we beleive that this is what we should do:1.
How do I record receipt of a government grant for our not-for-profit family trust?
In P&L report, it is negative under this account, but it doesn't make sense to me.
How can this $100 be used in the future to pay future invoices?3.
How should I reconcile it and record that $200 has been paid in income tax already?
I know how to reconcile the payment with the transfer from one bank account to the other.
How it looks in the inventory account is perfect, why is it all smooshed together on the invoice?
I throw all the Stripe deposits into an asset clearing account (or should it be a liability?
How do I represent this account in xero?Can I just record the initial deposit as a 'purchase'.
The items I purchase are semi-random so I don't know what I'm getting until I go through all of it.
What is the best way to enter transactions that were paid with personal money?
They are an important part of how we view our monthly accounts.Thanks so much!
Should there be one journal for the asset and expense of the stock and one for the loan?
Because the invoices are closed, they do not appear in the bank rec screen.Any ideas?
I have a supplier who is charging me for 2,883.60 worth of services.
Is there a new mergefield needed to show this data?Thanks in advance!
However, in this case I don't know whether all the items purchased are vatable.
All I find is a payment interface by Bank check.Thanks for your time.
This can apply to both my own home (not tax deductible) and the investment property (deductible).
What I can't fully grasp is how to treat this in Xero.My business is small and simple.
Or should I just code the payments to and from the account as funds introduced and owners draw?
They are still listed under the Registered Items page in Fixed Assets....
Hi everyoneI have a new client who is converting from MYOB to Xero.
I went though the statement exceptions, there are several duplicate transaction.
We can't do a bank transfer because the bank accounts belong to only the related organization.
What would be the best way to account for it - appreciate your thoughts here... CheersMarina
Need to be able to select all accounts or if possible specific accounts
I am having an issue with Xero’s frustrating .docx custom invoice templates!
I don't see how to create a credit card purchase at the time of the purchase.
FWIW, in Brazil almost everything you buy is paid in instalments.
Hi thereOur bookkeepers are in the process of setting up our business in Xero.
I have since found out there is another cheque account used as well.
The start and end payments can also be different from intermediate payments.
Has anyone else experienced these problems or found a better ‘workaround’?
It should have been accrued in July, which will mean it will appear twice.Thanks for any help.
(Previously I was using a spreadsheet)What I can't work out is how I should be coding these DED transactions.
Any advice concerning the correct approach I should take would be appreciated.
We are a company based in London, with another office in Hong Kong.
Company currently run a small fleet of 7 or so vans.
I need to put in all motor expenses as 80% business use.
How can we process these expenses especially mileage without uploading a receipts.
Hi, I'm trying to create a Report which will show me what is due to be paid.
How do I set up an account for Discounts received from suppliers and what type please.
My question is when entering creditors invoices at conversion which account to I choose?
How can I delete the account and feed that is going into the wrong business?2.
What is the best way to record it in Xero so the payment can be reconciled properly?
Should we put it in the reference box or in the description?and where do we put the check number?
How do we record this to write off completely under the immediate write off for investment under $20k?
We are a boutique financial planning business in the UK for wealthy individuals.
I also need to discuss with someone what plan is best for our business.
The bank has since credited this back to the credit card, but how do I account for this?
Also we are extremely frustrated that we can't save payment details on each client.
Should I code materials purchases directly to the Xero COGS account?
via either cash or eftpos, occasionally bank transfer.
Is there any way I can view an old batch payment to see what was different?
Am I able to then move it so that the invoice lines are in the correct date order?
How do I prevent the "Paypal transfers" into my bank account from counting as double?
I got the impression that the Metrobank/Xero integration is something unique.
Is there a way to put it under a booking fee COA then transfer it to the invoice some how?
How do I report expenses for two separate businesses?Thanks,Henry
That way I make my 'Money going out'  into the future on the Dashboard as accurate as I can.
On my custom sales invoice, how do I add the customer's phone number?
Should I perhaps set up a bank account with a slightly different name?
The invoices being paid are for thousands of dollars so that's a pretty substantial fee.
Hi all - how are people accounting for the UK employment allowance on NIC?
Also, how should I record the relevant Insurance Expense in accrual basis?
I can't seem to find any directions on how to do thisI'm sure there out there somewhere Help!!
How can I show the immediate deduction of a low cost asset in Xero?
We need to make sure that we've built a tool that works for everyone.
HiDoes anyone use dynamic content on repeating invoices?
In that I can't reconcile the amount against the statement as have had a credit debt for the period, how can I clear this up?
How can I manually add the previously submitted filed returns in Xero.
Do they still need to pay an IT Services Company to monitor their systems?
Other than information for my add-on, I'm actually just interested in how other people organise their business.
This should also apply to employment termination in the middle of a pay period.
I'm fairly sure they used to be present, so it is super uncool that they were removed.
So if an employee comes back with amendments then we are still safe.Thanks
However, this is before anything is even printed out, let alone mailed.
Is it possible to transfer attachments when converting a purchase order to a bill?
the Cost of Customer Acquisition is one of the most critical business metrics.
do a pay run, file taxes or change employee details).
Please can you put a search tool in Xero for the link with Gmail.
I am wondering if there is any word as to when this bank from British Columbia, Canada, will be added.
We are the onlyXero certified partner within a radius of 50 miles.
Currently have to enter these manually and if there are changes they could easily be overlooked.
All my clients pay via EFT - either Wire or ACH.
Often letters we send and spreadsheets we use need to be revised.
This could be linked to customers, or certain orders, or particular items.
Hi,Plaid is a newer service offered in conjunction with Stripe.
Hi - Xero is a great tool but for invoicing needs some work.
It makes more sense to learn something when you need it, so it can be applied and not 'lost'.
Xero should allow printing on checks printed 3 to a page.
Can you please allow widening of this column (or an auto-fit feature).
This numbering is irrespective of the normal invoice sequential numbering order.
I would like to be able to group suppliers that I need to report on.
That way the note is still there to print if you need it next time.
It would be great have more options, like Quarterly, Yearly, or Irregularly.
Any chance of adding these?Best regards,Ralph-Peter Hendriks
It could be nice to be able to show what you know as Credit stars.
A tax invoice is supposed to be held for each item on which GST is claimed.
Is Xero planning on bringing in this feature like sage one
only the clients that a manager would be responsible for as opposed to all the Practice Clients.
The Last 10 transactions show that I sold it for $22.00.
I am sure others are having the same issue.Kind regards.Kielan Faria
I think these figures are common required by the NGOs.Kind regardsQueenie
You normally have to show the accounting income then show the tax income.
It is a great feature to be able to set default settings for contacts.
Is there a way to amend the page so you can reintroduce the ability to copy/paste from it?
When you set up a new client you are able to say what type of organization it is.
Can the ability to add more than one line at a time be added to invoices?
Therefore in the future creating Invoice for a customer that expense can be assigned.
When clicking on your profile can the setting be changed so that it opens in a new window.
It would be great if they could be deleted once they are no longer attached to an asset.
V2 report templates for the first year of use are great.
Then there can be profit & loss month by month and also year to date.
At the moment when printing out the Report Packs they don't print as the appear on the screen.
any chance of having the paid date on the purchase invoices export file?
that the original invoice numbers are listed on the merged inoice.3.
Often need to check if paying to correct bank account.
Clydesdale Business banking is frustrating enough as it is without not being able to do this!
All the 'non-system' customers are done manually via Xero.
Frequently, with large amounts, this can throw the transaction out by several cents.
For client to be able to see details of the invoice on the receipt when sent.
Just wondering if there is a way to separate out table lines on the final invoice?
Hello,Is it possible to add serial numbers to inventory items?
Maybe "Applied" too as well as any credit that might be owed an account.
Xero should add a Xero Response to New Feature Requests.
I have used the reference to indicate how an invoice is paid and the amount if not the same as the invoice.
This can cause confusion when reconciling tax codes to the P&L.
$40 a month for e-services, for one employee, is RIDICULOUS!
Be able to attach files to a Payment that is paying Multiple Items.
Currently the Account Codes are limited to 10 character spaces.
In such cases, Xero should combine the Votes cast for both Feature Requests.
- This would ensure all expenses for the month are captured easily in Xero.
Most business need to reconcile their supplier statements before paying them in Xero.
My staff need to be able to send draft invoices out to clients.
There is however one issue that bothers me and that Xero have not fixed yet.
When viewing an invoice Xero offers a History/Notes button.
Method of payment within PayPal is selected as checking account.
The replies doesn't necessarily show how many people are supporting the request.
If you search for several key words, it gives you every page that has ANY of them.
I cannot think of a single reason why the statement function should not default to this.
Adding an Hours Column in this section would be extremely useful.
Further, there is no report that you can pick to show which appover approved an employees leave.
Health insurance, advance repays, uniforms, any number of things.
Staff should be able to place in the hours that they have worked and the breaks that they have taken.
I don't like the one that is generated from the Xero system for a number of reasons.
I had already done it in Excel so this was just an exercise in seeing how Xero went.
At the moment we are doing in Excel and adding number manually in the payroll software.
Is it possible to include a working with children check field for an employee?
under a year or 1+) - we have a few clients who would like this feature in Xero.
I would expect the sacrificed amount should be allocated to the appropriate expense.
Compliant with Real Time Information, with an employee portal etc.
The closing shareholder’s balance should equal the opening  shareholders balance ?
I need to move them to different account code.Thanks,Sanida
What report template should I use to file company taxes with HMRC?
I think I need to go back to Quick Books.Rachella
The customer statements only show RANGES 31-60 Days.
Can anyone advise if there's any way round this please?Thanks for your help.
Is it possible to create recurring transactions that do not require a regular schedule?
Is it possible to have + & - function to enter dates outside current date?
Is there a way to do this without having to use several different email addresses?
I cannot find one report that will show me the split coding.
How can I account for this within the chart of accounts etc.Thanks,Simon
how do I send a customer a statement every month automatically please?
Some transaction are indeed money that we received, but many should be money "spent".
Is there a way to filter line items to remove the shipping charge?
How is the bank transfer received reconciles with a refund I send to the customer ?
Is it possible to change a liability (or asset) account to a Bank type?
Hi thereI have a customer who is not receiving their invoices automatically from Xero.
How can I enter an expense claim for him and make it billable so I can add it to the invoice?
How would I check if these invoices were somehow missed in the sequence?Thank you.
Will we need to ask them for their network key to add to their details on our system too?
Stripe charges 3%, whereas a BACS transfer is free.
and text below?Is this possible or is the only way around it to Input a header separately?
We'd be very interested in hearing how to handles the local variety of electronic invoicing and so on.
How can I set both companies up in XERO under one business without being charged for both?
Especially the tabs in the sales tax + profit/loss menu are out.
Anyone else experienced this or have a suggestion on how to correct it?Thanks in advance
On my sales invoices I need to show a bit more detail than standard.
How can I add to this section so I can include the bank account from which I pay the bills?
PLEEEEAAAASSSSEEEEECan someone tell me how to obtain the adviser user role?????
One of our clients with an ANZ Visa has a doubled up bank feed again.
I want to represent all of these line items on the expense but I'm not sure how to properly.
Hi,Only one or two posts on this in these forums, and no definite answers.
Sorry if I haven't explained this very well but has anyone ever come across this before?
Don't want to start importing until up to date so need to enter manually.
Nothing comes though on Saturday, Sunday or Public Holidays.
Is there a way to remove the expected date before I save the note?ThanksDan
then we ask a refund, then don't know how they charge on my personal credit card again.
How do I add a different due date to the items on my invoice?Thanks
They have asked me to remove them.How can I delete them without affecting the locked period?
How can we bump a Feature request that started in 2012 but that has current interest?
Anyone else experiencing similar issues with TD Bank.
I expect to be able to attach each of these payments to the same Xero transaction.Is this at all possible?
Also is this field able to be set on a per bill basis?
Hi,Just wondering how Xero deals with overpaying a supplier invoice.
I am new to Xero and have read the guides about how to reconcile bank transactions.
Any idea how I can do this in Xero as a single report or even as multiple reports?
So should I zero them out into Retained Earnings as of 1/1/2016?Thanks!
If this is the route, how do I attach receipts?Is there another intended mechanism?Thanks.
Is there a way to add these one-off items to the monthly repeating invoice?
I could use some expertise related to an over payment I received from a customer.
On my Santander bank statement however I get the details of the supplier.
How do I generate a payment to my state for these items so that it clears the Liability balance?
We are attempting to add the balances as from the figures supplied by our last accountant.
Absolutely nothing except this pointless new field is now selectable.
We have done everything according to the instructions.How long does this typically take?
And is Xero taking community requests for this function seriously?Thanks
Is there any way to automatically send a file attachment along with an invoice?
Hi, I'm getting an error message..."Sorry, an error occurred.
a time-sheet, or a purchase order or even a confirmation email.
I can not fit my legally required payment terms in the area provided.
This would be useful when you are reviewing the GST treatment of items in an account.
It is not possible to add historic depreciation into the fixed asset register.
My question is how can I change the title/lebel of the 'reference' on a sales invoice?
Nothing has changed and I have tested by logging in to my banking portal which is fine.
If that were to happen I could probably add 40 more clients to Xero!
I am trying to import statement data and I'm getting the error above.Can you help?
Hi all,Our company is using Xero, our accountants use Sage.
How should bills with partially exempt GST components be handled in Xero?
Is there a way to setup jobs/sub-customers under a parent customer?
Hi friends,I am using Xero accounting from 1 week.
I am just wondering if there is a way to add contacts or products through a sales invoice.
And I don't know how to allocate the credit back to the bank account either.
Part of the usability of Xero is to have multiple tabs open in the browser.
Thus creating another duplicate.How can I solve this issue?Thanks,
Do I need to enter every single one of their expenses into Xero?
We are thinking of visiting New Zealand in Dec/Jan (we're from the UK).
what is server crashes and looses all info?Thanks for any feed back
What costs are injured for using the Xero Super Clearing House?
W2 is correct amount.Wot did I do wrong ?How to fix ?TIA's
I want to pay employees different rates on the same day or in the same week.
Can I go and now revert the processed payroll to a draft and fix the errors.
Not on a fixed rate of a normal weeks pay how can I set this up in Xero ?
I am trying to find out details on how to use the Xero Clearing House.
Can I add a fund that is not regulated by APRA in Xero.ThanksDarren Jones
How can i clear out the super that has been paid in the past without a payment to reconcile off
Can you transfer the payroll data from one Xero file to another.
Under Tax declaration in Xero's Payroll, there is a list of check lists.
We need to back pay our employees for previous financial years.
Any steer?Thanking you in anticipation, kind regardsBruce et al
How do you go back and add in the super contribution payment and correct this?
If my employee has an hourly rate which includes superannuation, how can I set this up in Xero?
Please suggest how can i find out on what basis did ATO charge FBT??.
How can I easily determine how the amounts in the payroll journal have been broken up by employee?
5.8301 is the equivalent of 5 hours and 50 minutes.
How do you add a days holiday if a worker worked on a stat day.
Hey Xero,Is there a way to delete old timesheet templates ?
Is there a way to exclude these types of items from the Cash Summary report?
Is there a way that we can record Long Service Leave provision in Xero ?
I am just wondering, what are the steps that I need to do to record this in Xero?For example: 1.
Is there a quick and easy way to transfer all our data from iPayroll to Xero
Each month that I do payroll, I have to reorganize the way that each pay item is stored.
We need to show net wages and all taxes paid through the books.
overpayment), you should be able to get a properly completed PDF of the form.
Even a week is too long to wait, but 5 months is ridiculous.
The fourth is in Wisconsin and on Zen Payroll (because Xero was not available in that state).
Post Payslip (this is actually fairly painless).Step 10.
I logged into My Payroll to see whether they could access them through this as they do for payslips.
One non-eligible is opting-in and another eligible is opting out.
HiI have noticed that on Payslips and P60s, our company address is not shown.
As this was a new tax year we didn't include any 2015/16 information.
If i am using Xero for RTI do i need to so with Basic PAYE Tools?
According to my tax code I should be paying zero PAYE tax.
Is it easier on Xero or HMRC's Basic PAYE tools package?
I have not finalised the payroll so any changes will be in the same period.How do I change the leaving date?
Has Xero got any advice at all about completing Payroll Year End at all?
Hi,Does anyone understand how to set up a basic pay template.
Is there any way to revert to this setup rather than have the full blown payroll?
How can I pay people two rates in the one pay run?
Sell on Facebook and any website such as Wordpress, GoDaddy, Wix & Squarespace.
Any tips?Resource scheduling, time tracking, CRM and invoicing.
Any tips?Appointment scheduling for property photographers & other service suppliers.
Any tips?Connect your deals, contacts, and invoices with automated workflows.
Any tips?Client records checking and correction software for accountants.
Any tips?Easy Inventory Reordering, Invoicing & Analysis software.
Any tips?Smart, sophisticated software for modeling and talent agencies.
Any tips?Startup reporting & portfolio tracking for startups and their investors.
Any tips?Connect Xero with 100+ web applications in minutes.
Any tips?Fuseboard simplifies managing projects, deals and customers.
Any tips?iPad Point of Sale System crafted for Hospitality.
Any tips?Improve your rostering like Xero has improved your accounting.
Any tips?Mobile sales app for distributors, wholesalers & manufacturers.
Any tips?Easy, automatic time tracking and invoicing app.
Accept credit cards from an iPhone, iPad, or Android device.
Any tips?Secure funding for your company based off your financial data.
Any tips?Business expense reports seamlessly integrated with Xero.
Any tips?Client records checking and correction software for accountants.
Any tips?Bring your orders, inventory and customer information into Xero.
Any tips?RESULTS.com Business management and Execution Software.
Does anyone know if there are any apps that might service our needs please?
Has anyone used either Work Flow Max or Harvest?
We have a client (charitable trust) which is looking to open up an opportunity shop.
Is there any way of getting xero information into Power BI Desktop?
Is Xero a good program as central data file for products?
Are the basic apps for shopify any good for linking to Ebay and Amazon?
I'm using the Shopify Xero app... should I be using a different app?
Seems to me that I should just delete all those (expletive deleted) draft invoices from Stitch.
Can anyone recommend a POS system for a wine bar and restaurant.
This carries a risk of what is being reported in WFM not matching Xero.Thanks
I am wandering if it is possible to integrate Xero directly with Linnworks platform?
I’m a little confused about how these Shopify integration apps actually work.
Xero doesn't recognise bulk-purchase discounts against each inventory item.
Datamolino is a web that helps you to capture supplier invoices and receipts.
Preferably something with a bar graph or?Can anyone offer suggestions?
How we can use Checkeeper and Xero for Payroll and not have to reinput all the info into Checkeeper again.
I am in need of a inventory add on that could cope with three warehouses.
How do I adjust the SOH account to reflect the correct value of my stock?
Is anyone out there using such a service that they can recommend - I have heard of Huddle, Basecamp...
Hi Guys,I'm new to all of this so I was hoping someone could help me.
Hello, I am just wondering if there is a facebook ecommerce program that integrates with Xero?
I have a client that is a letting agent, collecting rent on behalf of landlords.
is anyone aware whether xero integrates with Job Bag?
This makes it very difficult to see how long the issue in question has been outstanding.
Why do I need stock on hand in order to receive stock returned?
A total lack of respect for customer's time and the harm this can do to a business.
I HAVE NEVER EXPERIENCED SUPPORT THIS BAD FROM ANY OTHER COMPANY IN MY LIFE AND I AM 58.
I need it for my Financial Report issue, no time to waste&waiting.
Hey Xero,The above feature that you enabled last month is annoying.
Here are some of the wording from their response:"Thanks for your patience while the team investigated the issue.
This is especially frustrating as there seems to be a fix in an UK Version of xero.
If we could please have a simple way to upload a check register.
Community Forum - Is there a way to see which threads you have looked at?i.e.
I need to see a total amount invoiced for a specific customer.
I'm unable to search by postcode which is what we used to do in Quickbooks Desktop.2.
Maybe we can work out an ongoing paid Xero support deal???
You should not even be able to read the contact information because you claim it's encrypted.
Or is there a way to edit the invoice template so all invoices appear as sent?
Why on earth make that section in a smaller print than the majority of the document?
I just moved to xero and I'm disappointed there is no way to over ride the GST amount.
I can this time lag be narrowed, hourly or less would be marvellous.
I am not seeking financial compensation (yet it is well within my right to).
CLUSTER 4
Any suggestions?
How can I correct that?
Is there a way?
Is there a way of doing this?
Am I wrong?
Any suggestions?
Is there any way of doing this?
Any suggestions?
Is this correct?
- or am i wrong
Does any exist?
Any suggestions.
Is this wrong?
Any suggestions?
Is this the way I should be doing it?
Is there some other way to do it?
What am I doing wrong?
Any suggestions?
Is there any way I can do this?
What am I doing wrong?
Is that correct ?
Or am I wrong?
Is that correct?
Any suggestions?
Is this correct?
Any suggestions?
What am I doing wrong?
Any suggestions.
Is this a flaw?
Is there any way to do this?
How do I do this manually?
What am I doing wrong?
Is that correct?
Is there any way to do this?
What am I doing wrong???
Any suggestions?
What am I doing wrong?
How should I handle this?
Any suggestions?
This is INCORRECT.
Is there any way to do this?
Should I void it?
Any suggestions?
Any suggestions?
Any suggestions?
You are the best.
Any suggestions?
what am I doing wrong.
This is BAD!
Any suggestions?
Any other suggestions out there?
This is not correct
What am I doing wrong?
What do i need to do?
Is that wrong?
This is where I'm not sure what to do.
Any suggestions?
Is that correct?
How do I deal with this?
Suggestions?
What am I doing wrong?
Is there a way to do this?
Is that correct?
What am I doing wrong ?
Any suggestions?
What am I doing wrong?
Is there a way to do that?
What am I doing wrong?
How can I reverse ???
Any other suggestions?
)What am I doing wrong?
Any suggestions.
Is there a way to do this?
Is there a way of doing this?
Is there a way of doing this ?
Is this correct?
I'm not sure why this is or what to do with it.
Is there a way to do this.
This is incorrect.
Not sure why this is?
Any suggestions?
Any suggestions ?
Any suggestions?
Suggestions?
Is that the only way?
Any suggestions?
What am i doing wrong?
is correct.
CLUSTER 6
Do you creat an inventory item?
Like a restore or something?
So updating details is very slow.
You'll be prompted if you're missing any information.
Unless I am missing something?
Could you confirm this is a bug?
Is it possible to do this with XERO?, i.e.
Am I missing something obvious?
Is there a bug or am I missing something?
Am I missing something basic?
Am I missing a crucial link here!
But I do feel there is something missing.
Can the 25% still be honoured?
CLUSTER 8
How to record this entry in the system?
But how do I reconcile my bank rec?
Should we use 'bank account’?
We are two founders of a LLC.
My question is which account should I put to?
How do I reconcile these two lines with each other?
This is because their income is higher than previous.
How do I record this transaction in Xero?
How do I record this transaction in Xero?
IS there a way to do this with a credit note?
How would I do this from the reconcile screen?
How does a Purchases account operate?
My question is how do I enter this into the accounts?
What accounts should these payments be going against?
we can't seem to reconcile the bank.
What is up with Lloyds bank feeds?
What is the proper way to code these?
My question is; how do you reconcile that in xero?
How do i enter this transaction in ?thank you
I just can't reconcile any of this to the Lloyds printouts.
a contact or multiple contacts4.
Previous entry OR 2.
They are of course for the same amount of money.
How can I enter those transaction properly?
Should i reconcile them items or remove them?
Is there a way to batch reconcile.
Is there a report that shows all accounts.
These are not matching with the Bank Feeds.
These always need to be redone.
CLUSTER 9
say, i send an invoice of $1000, we will only receive only $996.
How do I do the transaction so that I can claim all of the GST with the first instalment.Thanks
I am new to Xero, so I am not sure how common this is.Thank you!Stephen
Has anyone got a work around other than uploading Statements
Is there anyway of making the placeholder (month +1)?Thanks
CLUSTER 13
I can't edit them, or add new ones.
We need to import our invoices from CSV.
Hi, How do you add shipping in an invoice?
Do I need to create these purchases as if they were invoices?
Is there a way to unmark a Paid Invoice?
Or should their invoices be recorded in a different way?
How?Create dummy invoices and do not send them?
Essentially an invoice without prices.
There is a field for Reference in a Sales Invoice.
Each supplier invoice is for only one client.
They should be able to see only the invoices created by them.
"Is there a way to implement this throughout the software?
Is there a way of naming a Batch Payment?
Is it possible to add this to the current template?
We should be able to merge our own Feature Requests.
Is it possible to set up a batch of reports?
Each employee is paid an hourly rate.
Should be able to batch send out invoices.
Is there any way to edit the fields in an invoice?
Should I be able to link an Employee to a Contact?
How can I clear the names and choose all employees?
We are having trouble approving leave requests.
There is no 'ordinary hours to pay' that has all been paid.
Is it possible to redo a submitted payrun?
How can I change this to reflect the 35 hours .
I am also considering:a) Abandoning Expensify.
Unfortunately, I can't remember the name of the company.
Is there a way to do this and can it be added to the common formats?
I have a core Inventory of about 120 Items.
CLUSTER 15
There are no complicated equities in the business or anything.
They have come to me to tidy up their system as it is in disarray.
Really confused here and appreciate any help.
I don't have any business assets per se.
Can someone advise as to why this could be?Thanks
I just want an easy - but secure - life!
At the moment you can only recode to another code.
That is all I need to save a lot of work.
Bank of Qld is declining the payments.
Payment gateway is Authorize.net.
Our gateway is Authorize.net if that helps.
The other $7,000 can be used for anything.
HiI am interested in using Xero.
This is supported by your competitors, specifically Quickbooks.
I would really appreciate any feedback.
Is there a time sheet facility on xero?
I keep getting an error message.
I would appreciate any feed backLyn
Any comments regarding this would be most helpful.
I am eagerly pursuing xero.com.
I can't see anything in the add-on directory.
CLUSTER 16
Any suggestions?SJ
Customers or Suppliers?
Is this really global?
Here are the causes:1.
Is this a known issue?
How do I handle this over payment?
The prefills are bossy!!
How do I put in the Tuesday?
How do i set up this as as deduction?
CLUSTER 17
This is expected.
How do other manage this?
Or does it take a while?
This is annoying.
How do I calculate and do this?
How annoying.
CLUSTER 18
Any ideas?
Any ideas?
Any ideas?
Any ideas????
Any ideas?
Any ideas?
Is this an expense?
Any ideas?
Any ideas?
Any ideas?
Is there any explanation for this.
Is this normal?
Any ideas?
or is it?ThanksAlan
Any ideas?
Any ideas?
Any other ideas?
Any ideas?
Any ideas?
Any ideas?
Any ideas?
any idea?
Any ideas?
Any ideas?
?any ideas?
Any ideas?
Any ideas?
?Any ideas?
Any ideas??
Any ideas???
Any ideas?
Any ideas?
There is an add on for this?
CLUSTER 21
If so how?
If so, how?
how do i do this?
How do I do this?
How do I do this?
How do I do this?
Is.
?Why is this?
How can I do this?
should I do that?
How do i do this?
How can I do this?
What i should i do with them ?
If so How?
How can I do this?
How can I do this?
How can I do that?
If so, how?
AND HERE IS HOW IT SHOULD BE !!!!!!!!!!
THEY SHOULD NOT!
We should not have to do this.
!Why is this?
How do I do this?
If so, how?
How do I do that?
How do we do that?
How can I do that?
If so, how?
How can this be?
If so, how do you do it?
How can this be?
and how?
Is that all I have to do?
How can this be?
How do i do it?
how can i do so?
How can I do this?
How can I do that?
How do I do this?
and how?
If so, how do I do this?
How should I do this?
Why is this?
How can I do this?
That's as it should be.
How do I do this?
That is all.
CLUSTER 22
Our employees annual leave entitlement includes public holidays - how do we show this on their payslip and reflect it in their leave balance -  as they don't request time off for public holidays..??
Alternatively I could have my accountant produce some but I want to spend time altering figures, looking at different scenarios etc.I just wondered if there was anything out there?
CLUSTER 23
I can't see the entity at all.
Are there any Add ons out there?
We are a service entity.
We are a small charity.
If it doesn't , I need to add it in.
This is how software should work.
(She is not from an accounting background at all).
Or treat them differently?
Should these appear separately.
Any tips?You’re busy.
Any tips?PayDay!
Do we need an add-in?
I am a business owner.
CLUSTER 24
How simple is this going to be.
How much should I pay?
This is hosted on their servers.
This is a very simple thing.
Is there any solutions to this.ThanksMichelle
There are no indications of any errors.
How do I fix this or refresh it?
It should be May 8th.
How do I declare them anyway?
but it is not allowing me to do this anymore.
We are much happier.
CLUSTER 25
Is there a different way to accomplish the root of the goal i outlined above?
How is it possible to get priority support for issues with Xero?
Any one Help pleaseHMRC could not validate your credentials.
Wondering if anyone here is using Blue Camroo with Xero?
CLUSTER 26
These are to the value of $100.
Is there any way I can "clean" it up.
We are changing from Quickbooks.
But this is skimmed over in all the "how to's " that I've seen.
How about adopting this suggestion:  by
on the date of travel.
This is plain sad.
How can I rectify this in Xero?
Can you advice how this can be done?
Any advice please!!!
I am very confused at this stage.
We are an IT consultancy company.
We can't do it as we can't access the account.
CLUSTER 27
How do I code these two?
I'm confused - which is right?
Is that about right?Olly
There is no conversion balances.
Is there anything out there that does this?Thanks
Is this expected behaviour?
Why what is the point of that3.
At the moment you can seem to do this .
Is that right?Olly
This is completely unacceptable.
But ... really ... that is unacceptable.
We are using Chrome.
How do people deal with this?
I am pulling my hair out.
How do I change to balance to what it should be?
we are all so confused why this is so different.
Is there anything out there that does this?Thanks
This is absolutly unacceptable!
CLUSTER 29
This is a really big issue.
Any recommendations (I'm in Illinois)Thanksmark
I do not understand exactly how is this working.
Any advice please?ThanksPhil
Can anyone make a recommendation?
Hi there,I am a sole trader.
I'm wondering if there are any other alternatives that I'm not aware of?
I was wondering if there is this functionality on Xero?
Can this be looked into from the appropriate team?
Importing statements is so boring!
How to fined a quotation is impossible.
Changing this should be a top priority.
Is this by design or is there a way to allow this.
Can anyone give me some tips on what I should do about this?
Is Xero payroll currently down?
Is there a way to make it more accessible?
Is there any way to do this in the app as well?
Why should I recommend Xero over Odoo?
On the 9th of April at 6pm
Is there a look-up feature or some database?
Is there any app that will export this into Xero?
Has anyone tried integrating?
CLUSTER 30
I'm struggling to figure out how it is set up as currently, the information is incorrect.
I received an invoice from a one-off supplier that included a deposit.
Can anyone advise of the best way to make the adjustment?
Very similar to how the bills can be coded and held against a customer to be uncharged.
For example, today it is defaulting to 20/04/2015!
Sales are overstated by the tax that must be remitted.2.
CLUSTER 31
I am a cash based agent.
How do i remove this amount from Xero?
How can I reconcile these double payments.
How to set the comission for employees?
One of those is Tracking Categories.
Xero is fantastic software.
How can I do this without doubling up payments?
Sometimes, they need to be split.
Such as can I change the top margin?
How do I need to enter the figures?
Is there a way to fix this?RegardsCraig
We just currently hired an apprentice.
Am I thinking this through correctly?2.
and how do i go about paying this employee?
The employer and employee contributions should be the same.
How do I change this in Xero Payroll?
How do I process their final pay.
The Q&As in the Guide are terrible!
CLUSTER 33
We are US-based.
I am a new user.
What is the likelihood of this being update?
CLUSTER 34
Is this possible?
Is that possible.
How is it done?
Should this be happening?
Should i have not done this?
Is this possible?
Is there a workaround for this?
Is this possible?
Is this possible?
any workaround?
How is this done?
Is this possible?
How can this happen.
How can I do this, please?
Is this possible?
Is there a possibility to do this ?
How do I sort this out?
is this at all possible?
Is this doable?
Anyone?
Is this possible?
or similar.
Is this a possibility?
or not possible?
Is this possible?
"Is this possible?
Should this be happening?
Is this possible?
Is there a method?
Is this possible?
is this possible?
Is this possible?
Is this possible?
Is this possible?
Is this possible?
Is this possible?
Is this possible to do?
Is this possible?
Is it possible to do this.
Is this possible?
Why is this happening?
Is this possible?
Is this possible?
Is this possible?
Is this possible?
What is happening here?
Is this possible?
Is this possible?
Is that possible?
Is this possible?
Any help?
Is this possible?
Any assistance?
any other solution ?
This should be possible, but no its not.
CLUSTER 37
Why and how can I correct?ThanksSara
If what you’d like isn’t on the list, you can .
or a PO# box?
Is there away for this to not come up?
We are using NEST.
Is this correct?ThanksBrad
CLUSTER 38
However, when I hit "Save" Xero produces an error message: "Sorry!
Is there no way to do this without copying the Contact Person's name to the attention field?
If you are a user of Xero and ProRata, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ClicData, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and 2Shakes, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and iKentoo, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Recount, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and AdFile, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Link4, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Chargebee, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Bookeo, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and AccountKit, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and YoureOnTime, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Armatic, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Businest, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and CFOapp, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Paypr, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SAM, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ZingHR, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Syngency, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Payoneer, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and BigCommerce, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and PocketSmith, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and MINDBODY, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Avalara, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Insightly, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and buildXACT, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Momentum, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Mogul, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and IntegraPay, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Get set up for "Pay Now" on  Xero invoices, fast and easily.
If you are a user of Xero and CommerceSync, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and MRPEasy, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Posboss, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Formitize, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Tallie, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and iZettle, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and PropertyTree, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and BuilderTREND, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Tripcatcher, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Timestamp, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and CreditorWatch, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and EzyCollect, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Imporex, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and MyDesktop, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Cyfe, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and EMAC, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Vistr, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Synchroteam, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Panalitix, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Roll, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Exsalerate, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and FUTRLI, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Unify, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and RepairShopr, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and TransferMate, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and smartAR, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and LivePlan, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Breadwinner, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and InvoiceSherpa, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and vWork, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Cliniko, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Vinosmith, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Bizeo, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and MinuteDock, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ServiceM8, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and StarShip, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Stripe, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and TidyStock, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and TradeGecko, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and TriggerApp, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Checkeeper, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Airsquare, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Bilbus, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and briefcase, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and CloudPayroll, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Fergus, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and GeoOp, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and InvoiceSmash, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and iPayroll, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and iTrade, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Vend, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Vinsight, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 39
They've said I need to correct this in Xero.
What is the best way for me to reconcile those charges?
I see that there is an option to add VAT.
Only I can see the Manual Journal entries.
Is there a way to add a $10 tax there?
As it stands we are having an analysis exercise each month.
Does this need to be a manual GL adjustment?
Is there another way I can handle this entry?
Is there a way of seeing bills that are outstanding ?
Surely this can be included in the options somewhere.
I can not believe such a flaw exist in the system.
50% of our power bill is being claimed.
If so, do we need to do a return in order to claim?
Do I need to make it some kind of liability?
Should this be filed as an overhead?Thanks in advance
What is the best way to distinguish those customers?
Frankly, I am surprised this has not been done already.
hence most of the time my SOH is negative.
Unless there is currently another way?
I am not sure what is wrong and can not fix this problem.
How do I change the file extension so I can import it?
Is there a way I can do this with the existing functionality in XERO?
How should I handle this properly?Thanks in advance!
I do not think there is a way but I may be wrong?
On one of them I can see everything and it is up-to-date.
What is the best way to include these in Xero?
Any ideas how i can fix this?thanks in advance
Is there a reason for this or could it just be a hiccup in my system.
If not there tax is calculated as a Foreign resident.
Surely there must be an easier way???
Is this the best way to deal with this issue?
Not sure if this is the right way to go.
Where can you view the postings of the payroll journal?
How can I fix this in the system,many thanks
No way is that a time friendly option!!
Is there a way to do that, or will I need to enter those manually?
I would think there is a simpler way.
Being able to send it to excel is a big +++.
Our company is loosing clients and money through this.
CLUSTER 41
Sometimes it is required to pay through a faster payment service rather through a normal three day acl/baccs payment could this be selectable please.
We sell , not goods, to the UK, EC and the rest of the world.My main concern is getting the Tax Code correct for Sales of services outside of the EC.
I cannot see where I can edit that transaction to correct the date, and it does not appear that I can do manual journal entries to correct either because it will not let me select the inventory account.
Is it just me being a Xero novice or is there a way to show a VAT summary table consisting of TaxCode, NetGoodsAmount and TaxTotal on a custom invoice using just the default currency.
I may have to do some reformatting in a CSV file, this this should be okay, as long as I can facilitate the existing automation process.Your help would be greatly appreciated.Kind regardsJohn
Good morningI am running a service based business.As a promotional exercise, we are auctioning off vouchers with a face value of $35 from $1 reserve on TradeMe.
Hi, I have a Prestashop 1.5 mutli store (US, France, and Australia) and I would like to know how is xero managed those different stores?
I think that as a customer I should be able to discuss my queries on my time, which I consider to be valuable.I'm curious on the general consensus of Xero's customer service and support.Jamie
The employees are all paid on varying hourly rates as well (penalty rates for Sat/Sun/Pub Hol etc) Am I not setting payroll up correctly?
For example, I want 2 rules for petrol purchases for 2 business cars; each car has a different % breakdown and petrol purchases are made from the same supplier.
Since the other banks have their logos for direct feeds, it can get confusing to not see a logo for Natwest or RBS that I know are on activated direct feeds.Vanish
You should be able to select the fact that you want the net book value (carrying value) of individual fixed assets to be a round pound (or dollar) amount.
As they are donations, they aren't always paid, and payment can't be enforced.At the moment we can't differentiate between paid and unpaid invoices for those items when we run the Inventory Items Summary report.
That way the report will only provide what is required and will be a lot quicker to load.If there is already a way of selecting that preference, please let me know.RegardsJanice Page
I am an accountant that woks on may different cloud based systems nameley , Kashflow, QuickBooks, Sageone and Xero and I find that Xero's is the slowest to navigate.
Is it possible or can it be made possible to allocate part payments "split" on the apps instead of later logging into the website to allocate split payments.2.
we have over 1,000 inventory items, and it would be really helpful if this could be automatically ordered from best seller to worst seller, by volume and $$ etc.
Could you put a toggle in each customer's profile that says "Automatically attach PDF"?I have some clients that like it attached, and others who are fine with the link option.
It would be great in the new report templates if you can pick up a group of report codes eg just income or income and expenditure etc - at the moment you can just pick up all.
If a rep has not been assigned to the dealer another way to add the rep would be to manually select the rep on the quote screen with a field titled representative.
With the release of basic Xero Inventory this month, we would like to see the creation of a feature for multiple warehouses and stock movements between these locations.i.e.
For example setup three simple KPI's - maybe show on the screen just the name of the KPI and an arrow/tick to indicate whether they are being met or how they are performing.
At Xerocon in SF the question was asked, which tax programs would we like to see Xero export to and there was a large request for TR's Ultra Tax.
Suggestions:  (1) Short date entries like "31/12" should default to the closest 31 Dec (past of future 6 months).
Our ordering staff create the purchase order and should be the ones who enter the accounts, not the office lady who isn't qualified to make decisions on what accounts purchases should go to.
Redundant backups are like any other kind of insurance and hopefully I will never need them ... but I sure do feel extremely UNcomfortable not having ANY kind of personal backup insurance here.
It would be nice if one can import bank rules, especially when the information from the bank statements are of such nature that only bank rules can be used for easy reconciliation.---
This also throws out my payroll tax as well.Is there some way that I can only have the base hourly amount ( - 1.2 ) of the full hourly amount calculated for Superannuation?
Wouldn't it be great if you could select to print superannuation reports as separate pages for each employee / fund at one time rather than having to do so individually one at a time.
Dear Xero!At the end of year, I want to close entry from Sales tax account to income tax expense Can you guide me how to do it ?Thanks Xero!
Financial Modeling training courses are all around the web and there has been lot written about learning Financial Modeling, however, most of the financial modeling courses are exactly the same.
Hi,I know there is a simple solution to this - but my Alzheimer's is kicking in today.I have 2 invoices for 3200 each, and 2 payments that add to 6400 but are 3000 and 3400 each.
I have just set up Xero from transferring from my old MYOB.When entering an expense claim there is not link to the any of the accounts - none - so no expense claims can be completed.Is there a quick way of doing this?
My client just paid first and last months rent into an escrow for a new facility they are renting.What would be the best way to record the escrow for payments?
This should be  in  letters somewhere as it impacts point two below very seriously because if you do not set up each acc dep prior to a large import, you can write the rest of the day off.2.
This makes the fixed asset module in Xero redundant for common assets such as buildings which are often acquire part way through their statutory useful life.
HiHas anyone sucessfully imported MYOB AccountRight Plus Version 2012.10.14.7949 Sales Service invoices into Xero ?
The draw and the pay-outs happen without any input or interaction from us.As far as I can tell, I can't set this up in Xero to be recorded without manual intervention.
More specifically, are you having difficulty setting up the Ulster Bank feed?I have been using Xero for 6 months and find it very frustrating that UB auto feeds are not working.
'Contractor payment' vs 'Contractor pmt'.Is there any way I can edit these in one go, rather than having to edit these individually, which is SUPER SLOW and somewhat irritating.
I have noticed this is an option in the Pay Template, however I cannot find any guides on the best way to set it up.Any help would be appreciated.Thanks, Kara
For the year 2015 there was an error on Xero's part and it took me more than 90 days and 15 hours of time to resolve with the CA EDD and CA FTB.
Any tips?Seamless integration with Xero for advanced inventory automation of SOs, POs, WOs, shipping, receiving and more, reducing labor and human error.
Any tips?Agile is an all-in-one CRM that comes fully integrated with Contact Management, Marketing Automation, Web Analytics, Social Suite, Telephony & more.
Any tips?RewardSuper's RSDataWeb is a web platform for Accounting and Advice firms that administer transaction rich clients structures such as SMSFs and Trusts, check out .
Testing period is 4 weeks and free obviously.Roster Planet is an online roster application where managers can set and publish a weekly roster.
I have opened two different company logins and I cannot open customers or suppliers or find any uploaded invoices even though there are over twenty uploaded.
Hi, am having issues as cant log in this morning, just keeps looping ?Is this temporary, what is going on ?Very frustrating as needing to send urgent Purchase Orders etc
At this page there is a header (blue in color) with the xero logo and "Logout".Beneath this the words "Add your organization to start using Xero now" is printed.That's it.How do I do as requested?
I think companies should give their customers choice so they can engage with them in the way that suits the customer - and phone is one of the main ways people might want to do this!
CLUSTER 42
Can you explain why this would be the case please.
We can switch between the companies in our Xero account.
What entry should we do?Thank you all for the support Dave
Hey TeamStruggling to find how I should code this?
Metro is stating that the problem is with Xero.
But there is also Manufacturing and Packaging as well.
This is a local, community bank with a few branches.
Is it possible for you to bring this feature back?
Is there a way I can disable it or extend the time?
For accountants this is overly cumbersome and expensive.
How best should I be managing these payments/transactions?
I am having a major problem in my bank feed.
But I have not taken any draws nor made any contributions.
Are any response time issues encountered.
Please restore it or otherwise advise.
I import from my Bank an OFX file.
so how all these account work together.thanks
I am only given two choices it seems.
Hi,Can't find solution to this in the forums.
How can I now advise the ATO of the correct amount?
Any tips?HR Made Happy.
Any tips?Invoicing & payment solution.
Can you please allow the integration ASAP?
Any practical information would be welcomed.
Hi,How does one lodge a complaint?
CLUSTER 43
Prepaid Expenses or Other Receivables?
Is it asset or libility account?
Or are they assets with a depreciation of a year?
Surely the answer should be very straightforward?
How to categorize the shareholder distribution?
How do I account for this vehicle in Xero?
Do i enter this as a asset or loan.
None of the "How to's" explain what I just have explained here.
How do I categorize these in my business account?
If you need, below is a more detailed explanation.
Is there an additional cost for this functionality?
From what I've read here I need to 1.
How do I capture this in XERO?P.S.
Any idea how we can achieve this?Thank you.
Is there an "add-on" which already does this?3.
Is there an ETA on when this will be completed if at all started?
CLUSTER 46
Just a bit lost as to where to go next, I don't want to continue entering data if the opening balances on accounts are incorrect!
A question has been raised in our office, what happens to client records when they cease business and no longer need to maintain their subscription?
I know Irish banks do not support this functionality of automatic bank feeds as of yet, but is there not any exception for GB that I'm unaware of?
The import should look at 'Invoice Number' first and 'Contact Names' second as qualifies for the generation of the bills in Xero.
HiI was wondering whether you are looking at adding more filters to the Customer Invoice Report so that we can filter it by a single Contact?
CLUSTER 47
We are paying the balance, which is USD 106.37.How do I enter that?Your help with this is much appreciated.
Any tips?Web-based time clock software redesigned for your modern business.
Any tips?File your sales tax returns quickly and easily with Avalara TrustFile.
Hi,I work for a business that has 4 entities and all the accounting is done via Xero.
CLUSTER 49
This should be simple.
is there any alternative?
Any thoughts?
How do I fix this?
How do I fix this?
Any thoughts?
How can I fix this...
How do I fix this?
Any thoughts?
What am I missing?
Is there any hope for me?
How do i fix this?
Any thoughts?
Is there a fix for this?
What am I missing here?
This is not useful.
Any other takers on this?
Is this easy to do?
What am I missing?
What am I missing?
If so, how is it accomplished?
How can I fix this?
Any thoughts?
And if it's not, how can I fix it?
How do we accomplish this?
How do we fix this?
Any thoughts?
Or something.
How can I fix this?
and how do i fix it
Any thoughts on this?
Who is doing your R&D ?
What am I missing?
CLUSTER 50
How do I reconcile it?
How do I reconcile this?
How do I code it?
how do i reconcile this?
How do I reconcile this?
How do I reconcile this?
How do I reconcile???
Should these match?
How do I reconcile them?
Am I close?
And how can I reconcile it?
How do I account for these?
How do I reconcile this ?
This is then reconciled.
How do I reconcile this?
How do you reconcile that ?
CLUSTER 53
There is one way I can think of doing this - manually create the CSV file to upload the transactions in/out.
Do I just make two new accounts and do manual journal entries as expenses to adjust?
This would be good for a customer to get back to the user that actually produced the quote.
How do I consolidate the accounts of all the companies?Would really appreciate your comments and thoughts.Thanks!
Any tips?Engage stakeholders with interactive reports sent over email & text messaging.
CLUSTER 56
My question is, is there anyway I can convert my spend money to an expense claim without redoing the whole entry again.
Currently I can  in  however my bookkeeper would need to review every item to be able to pick up that there is a note for them.
I download the CSV template so I can copy all my info into it.My invoices are usually 2 or three line items.
I could use an option whereby I check off all of the reports, functions and access that I would like for each employee to have.
Up until the 22nd of Feb we were importing bank statements manually, and on the 23rd the bank import connected automatically.
CLUSTER 57
Hello everyone,Would appreciate some help on the issue I have outlined below.We are a digital agency assisting businesses in advertising on Google Search, Facebook, Linkedin etc.
It would be helpful for credit notes to show as a negative figure, so you could export the report produced to Excel and then add a total for the results.
It would also make sense for there to be a quicker way to find the exact amount of 401k withholding was done for each person in the payroll.
CLUSTER 58
Can anyone help with this?
Can anyone help with this.
Can anyone help?
How this could have happened?
Is there a way to remove them?
Is this possible please?
Can anyone help?
can anyone help?
Has anyone had this problem before?
Help anyone?
Does anyone know how I can do it?
And how can I work around this?
Can anyone explain what to do?
Does anyone have a solution.
Does anyone have any solutions for this?
Any help is welcome.
Does anyone have this same problem?
Can anyone help?
How to set the cogs for this?
can anyone assist here?
Anyone know why?
Does anyone know how to do this...?
Can anyone help?
Can anyone help ?
Can anyone advise ?
Can anyone help?
Is there any way of doing this please?
I am completely puzzled.
Cheers for any help.
Is there a better solution?
Any help is welcome.
Is there a setting issue ?
Has anyone done this?
Can anyone assist?
Or is there a work around?
Anyone else?
Can anyone help with this?
is anyone using it?
Is this possible or will it be soon?
This is a major issue.
Is there an easy solution to this?
Can anyone help??
Does any one know?
Or does anyone have any solutions?
Does anyone else do this?
Are there any possible solutions?
Can any one help with this?
Has anyone had this issue before?
Can any one help.
Any help anyone?
Does anyone know how to do this.
Can anyone help?
Does anyone have any contacts?
Is there a work around?
How can I resolve this issue?
Is there a way to do this?ThanksSuzanne
Has anyone had this problem?
Is there any way to remove it?
Help anyone?
Can anyone help me out with this?
If anyone can HELP!!!!!!!
All the headers are correct.
Or somewhere else?
Can anyone help.
Can anyone assist?
Does anyone know how to do that.
Does anyone have any suggestions?
Help anyone
Can anyone assist.
Can anyone help.
Has anyone had this problem before?
Any suggestions anyone?
Is this able to be done?
Or if there is a work-around?
Can any one help me?
Suggestions please?
Does anyone have any suggestions?
Any suggestions please.
Is there a way to trigger this?
Does anyone here know who it is?
Anyone have a solution for this
Anyone have any information?
Can anyone help me?
or do you know of other solutions?
Does anyone have a solution?
Any one can help?
CLUSTER 60
I am an author.
All of this is fine.
which is $940.
Should I be concerned?
So I am asking "Why?"
CLUSTER 66
If so, how would I do that?!
How do I achieve this?
Am i just overcomplicating this?
How would i do that.
It should be like this.
And if not, is it going to be?
How do I put this through ?
Or is this not a feature?
We are with ASB.
What is going on here?
Am I being stupid?
how do i set this?
How do I set this up?
I am not impressed at all.
Which is great.
!So this is EXACTLY what I'm after.
How do I go by doing that.
This is urgent
What is going on?
CLUSTER 67
Is that OK?
Is this OK?
How can I solve this?
Is there anyway to do this?
but this is clunky.
Any clues?
How useless.
CLUSTER 68
Since tax is part of doing business it should be recorded as part of the expense.
Please create an option of restoring deleted account transactions.
Employee has worked full year and not taken any Annnual Leave.
I don't see how this is such an issue since it seems like such a basic requirement.
CLUSTER 70
This is very necessary!
Any tips?
Any tips?
Any tips?
Any tips?
Any tips?
Any tips?
Any tips?
Any tips?
Any tips?
Any tips?
Any tips?
Any recomendations?
Any tips?
CLUSTER 72
This is where I am stuck.
How do I "zero it out"?
Is this right?
Am I doing it right?
Am I right about this?
Is there anything?
Is this do-able?
How's it progressing now?
This is very confusing.
Is there anything I can do?
Is this capable?
Is this typical?
How do I find it?
THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE.
CLUSTER 73
How do I mark this down in Xero?
How do I set up the invoice?
Is there a way of doing this I am not aware of.
Both are shown on the same bill.
( is one of these bills.
', 'What is your memorable name?
How do I set this up on the invoice?
!, are there any settings I should change!
Is this the easiest way?
CLUSTER 76
What are the rest of you doing?
This is huge!
is not populated.
Any reason why?
This is a 'first'!
How do I process this?
He is on holidays.
"This is not support!
CLUSTER 79
Is there a way to track that.
Is there a better way to do this?
If so, what is the quickest way to do this?
How can I make this adjustment?
So what is the correct way of doing this?
I'm not mad, am I?Olly
Any better suggestions?
I'm just not sure what the journal should be.
Is there an easier way to do this?
I am migrating over from quickbooks.
Am I/him doing something wrong?
Is there a better way to do this?
Is there a way to change this?
Is there a better way to do this?
Am I doing something wrong?
Is there a quicker way?
Is there any way to edit it?
?am i doing something wrong?
What is the best way to do this?
It is saying there have not been any which is incorrect.
What is the best way to do this?
Is there a quick way of doing this?
How can this be settle?ThanksAlice
Why do I need to do this manually?
Am I doing something wrong?
Am I going mad?
Is this correct, or should they be "No Tax"?
Am I doing something wrong?
Is there another way?
Is there any way this can be improved?
You should be able to just delete them.
Is there another way to do it?
I think this is incorrect.
This is obviously incorrect.
Any suggestions?TIA
Not sure what is going on.
Is there any way to correct this?
Am I doing something wrong ?
Is there a way to delete them?
How do I handle the refunds?
Is there any other way of going about it?
This seems harder than it should be.
!This is sooooo FRUSTRATING.
There should be an easier way to do this.
Is there another way to do this?
Is there something I am doing wrong?
What have I don't wrong, or how can i fix this.
Is there a simpler way?
Do we need to void them?
Is there another way?
How can I adjust this manually?
Or do a manual journal?
But I am not sure what exactly it should be?
Are we doing something wrong?
!There is no option to delete them.
Is this correct and the only way of doing it?
am I doing something wrong?
How can I find out what is wrong?
How can we correct this date?
What is wrong and how do I sort this now.
Am I doing something wrong?
How do we delete one of them?
If so, which one is best.
What do I need to do to fix this?
Is there a way to fix this?
CLUSTER 81
So no money in or out.
How should I record this?
Should the payments be there?
What do I do with the payment?
How do I record that?
How do we clear these out?
How do I clear these off?
How can I record this?
How can we shut it down ?
What is JobsDun?
CLUSTER 83
Does anyone else have insight into this?
Does anyone have a similar situation?
CLUSTER 85
I am stuck with how to display my line items as subtotals (quantity x unit price) without the discount being taken out.
We love working with Xero but cannot understand that a basic missing relationship is for "siblings" where this is so commonly used in our practice.
I keep a spreadsheet of leave owing for our staff which is a combination of the annual leave hours and holiday pay accrual value.
CLUSTER 86
As the Computers are being paid off through Flexi Rent, do we claim the GST on each repayment or at terms end?
Later on a payment went through paypal and it used the credit then only charged us for the difference.
Can anyone tell me how I can allocate the pays processed from cash to the Petty Cash account?
If you are a user of Xero and OneSaas for Impos, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Highrise by Zapier, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Shopify by Pipemonk, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Podio by Zapier, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and MMC Convert, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and CallPro CRM, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 88
Am I getting this all wrong?
Is there any way I can get to this?
CLUSTER 90
Also VAT is 18% for sales.
This is a huge flaw in the security of the system.
CLUSTER 92
Any advice?
Any advice?
Any advice?
Is their a provider that can do this?
What are the consequences?
That is no good.
This is not beautiful.
This is important.
Why is this restricted?
But that is not offered.
or maybe not?
While it should be USD.
Are there any limitations?
How do we rectify this?
Any advice?
Is there a cost?
CLUSTER 98
Hi - Our storefront marketplace solution is Volusion.
So if you have an expense in there that you don’t know where it should be and it has been in your bank account, this is not the way to do it.
Is there somewhere else that I can amend this oversight?Cheers,
Or is there a method that makes more sense in terms of accounting?
Therefore the WHT can only be posted when we record the payment.
Is there a way to automatically link that these are 0% in Xero?
It is not a lot of money, however, they don't offer me any compensation.
Is there no way to show the expenses that have not been approved yet?
as i am reconciling i am always left with an amount left over.
Or is either approach acceptable?Cheers,Kevin
or How do I handle these line items?Thank youMarcy
Do I record this as 'No Tax' or 'Tax Exclusive'?2.)
And if so, what is the best way to settle the left over amount?
What am I doing wrong or what is the right way to do this?Thanks,Priyanka
Hi, how can i add capital entry into xero
So now there is a difference for that amount between Xero and our bank account.
Is there anything I need to be aware of when making this change?
Would I raise a 'PO' or not at all as I am not technically purchasing it.
I'm trying to verify what account to assign to the payment.
Yodlee doesn't actually have a relationship with any bank from what I am being told.
Hi,I have an invoice that is out with a client but has not been paid yet.
Obviously the bank CC numbers are different.
I am currently processing a company tax return.
I have $1500 in a discount account that is being carried forward.
I am confused how to classify the interest that is charged to the account.
how to i pick the bank account in a journal entry?
Hi,We are a startup restaurant not yet in operation.
Is anybody else experiencing similar problems?
Hi All,I am into a business of ready-made garments.
(How) Do I manually reconcile?Many thanks for feedback!
Because is a new customer we don't want to charge him this fee.
Is there a way to select checks to deposit, so I'm not calculating myself?
What is the correct way to record these transactions that have occurred?
Below is the way I would like to recognize revenue.
Is this possible in the current system - or do we need an add-on?
Is this correct or should it be 310 cost of goods sold?
Sales tax rate is 6.25%.
Can anyone explain how this could possibly happen?!?
These are not Billable Expenses that I can include on an invoice to the client.
Actually is this possible with all accounts (not just bank accounts)?
I'm not entering my purchase orders or bills into Xero.
Hi We are a manufacturing company in the building industry.
I also need t be able to add shipping.
I need to enter every single transaction.
How can I best track my sales and inventory in Xero?
I can't work out how I can remove item number from my invoice.
Am i right?2- Bank Account Name : What is this for.
What do I need to do to reconcile these two payments?Thanks.
How do we add in other expenses that come from a property manager?
I cant reconcile that account because that transaction is just sitting there.
Is this the right way of recording the transactions?2.
Is there a way to set up the recurring money transfer?
How do I fix it so it's not doubling my income?Problem #3.
I'm wondering how I should handle invoicing them / accounting for their payments.
Unless we are doing something wrong?Thanks in advance!
Is it possible to amend the fields to show it in this form?
How do I mark them as reconciled?Many thanks,Alan
account that I set up?Any thoughts would be great!
Not the most streamlined of processes and is very manual.Is there a way to solve this?
Liability?How do I set up the beginning balances?Debit?
Now these transactions show up as unreconciled under the bank account.
Can I create a contra account, refund to it, then draw on it to the other?
Some transactions are showing up 4 times on the same date.
Would anyone else find this helpful?
The parts work is a new line of business.
How would others best advise this client?
How to enter data in the past years?3.
Should Xero be separating out the sales tax at minimum?
Thanks in advance to anyone that tries to tackle this for me :)
im hoping to try and do a bath of them as there is quite a few.
Do I need a personal account in order for this to work?
A lot of our income is received from booking agents.
Hi, I am currently entering in my client's transactions.
If I do that, how to I account for the assets?Thanks for any assistance.Matt.
This account is a locked account so you cannot enter.
How do I combine payments into one deposit in Xero?
branch managers), is this possible in Xero business?
Hi, I write as an owner/manager not an accountant.
If this is correct (as I'll need to edit some existing entries if so!
Anyone else had similar problems  and a solution?
!Looking back I should have set up two transactions.
OH1234 or CS1234 I can't see how this would work.
Do you have any advice on how I should act upon it?Thanks,Raluca
Has anyone dealt with Bartercard Contra in their accounts?
Sales invoice is in approved status, but not paid.
Am I missing something really simple?ThanksBrendan
I am working on a client's prior year financials.
Hi All,Very sorry in advance if this is answered elsewhere.
But there is another requirement with regards to purchases from abroad.
Please can you tell me how I can do this and what the benefits are.Regards,Vanessa
Do I need to issue new invoices in Xero?
Do i need to create 2 recurring invoices?
Anyone know what else I may be doing wrong ?
The invoice comes to zero (or should that read xero?)
I am trying to figure out how to input all the purchases I have made.
It currently has <<UnitAmount>> and <<LineAmount>> Is it possible to change?
How can I record this purchase so it is properly coded and then reconciled?
Hi, How do I enter utilitiy bills into xero?
How do we set up Xero to make the reconciliation easier?
Do I still need to file an Expense Claim?
Is there a combined account list that will highlight duplicates?
Does anyone out there use Foodstorm Software and Xero?
However, because i am human I sometimes make mistakes.
I just want to know in Xero what I should put this as when reconciling?
He is no registered for GST - incase you need this information.
How can I get the feed going into the correct business?
My question is how do I separate the percentage from the total amount?
Is this the best way to go or is there another option?
Does anyway know if this is even a working feature?
Is there any way to change the accounting calendar in Xero?
Or would this cause issues as I am not at arms length?
#1 Should I or should I not link my personal paypal to my xero?
Hi All,Has anyone seen this feature for Odoo?
So shoudl these amounts be coded as expenses or liability?
I just opened an account in Xero by converting from quickbooks.
I know I should not be creating as it should already be in the system.Any answers?
Any advice would be most welcome.ThanksRon Bowater
Now we need to enter VAT No to Xero, but I can't find how to do it.
What is the best way to deal with a transaction like this?
Is automatic invoicing a feature that Xero offers?
Does anyone out there in Australia use Xero in their charity?
Anyone using Xero in this very minimal way?
Are there any HR add ons planned for the UK.
Is this a bad way to go about things?Thanks
My client is changing from a sole trader to a company.
I have been trying to figure this out for days now but how do I process the transactions?
The only way I can see to do this on Xero is to do a repeating invoice??
You can text me there or email me, rick@discountelectronics.com.
Second when the funds arrive in my account how do I reconcile this?
The business requirements are really quite simple.
Is anyone using Xero for quotations?2.
Can I record income without generating an invoice?
Odds are you’ve picked up a thing or two on invoicing.
There are so many options, it is difficult to know where to start.
It is important to pay taxes and to pay them on time.
It makes it hard to see what the staff are working on when.
Our company is working with countless of suppliers online.
No explanation or staff training would be required.
I am entering an old bill which was placed in instalments.
Currently I have to use a calculator which is totally unsatisfactory.
This is very time consuming and rather wasteful of time.
Having what is essentially only one contact in a company is broken.
For me, I would like if the history fed through entirely.
We can keep it on file until the amount showed in the bank.
Surely this should now only show the relevant accounts selected??
However, because i am human I sometimes make mistakes.
At the moment, I can upload my receipts or document into the folders.
If payroll is processed for a net amount of i.e.
Can we put these on the drop down and skip the  All Reports   step
QuickBooks is apparently seemless with Q2 ebanking.
There's should be an option to automatically email an employee their paystub.
I hope this is fixed before these reports are officially added.
should have both an exit button and buttons to delete attachments.
The debit expenses do not download as they are sub-accounts.
Is it at all possible to simply rename them on the front end only?
There should be an option to add new account type.
Is there any plans to support this in Xero.Thank youNeil
It should be $19.80 (excluding taxes)2.
We have multiple lines of business which are recognized by our clients.
This is not a flattering acronym and makes no sense as to why change it at all.
Can this please be fixed at the report template level?
Which could then be exported to PDF or excel.Thank you
Is there any way we can filter out some category when running reports?
If it allows 4 decimal points it should display it.
I need to pull a credit note report.
There should be an ability to add attachments to our email templates.
This chart should include the "Repeating" expenses as well.
Should only have to select the customer once and just change the search criteria.
Any field which has a character limit (e.g.
Because it makes it best to have it on the screen when you are inputting the journal.
Each Fee Earner is listed in a Tracking Category.
This would enable the reporting to be more structured for our practice.
All needed is to accept Arabic text input.
Hi Does Xero have any reports planned in this area?
I need to attach .bdoc files to my expenses.
Can it be removed, or auto sum like the other total.
My suggestions:1) Remove fade animations.
Maybe some sort of tick or alert if they have not been received.
with the app i can only send the invoice to the first contact.
Off white text is hard to read when you are older.
It is great that there is now the functionality to prepare quotes in Xero.
I hope there is a built-in complete Xero CRM.
This is clearly not as useful particularly for seasonal businesses
(Think screws and bolts or electronic components.)
Do people just accept separate invoices is normal?
We need a counter to show if we hit the limit or not!
Cmon Xero - you need to sort this - crikey!
Please could you bring these above features to Xero.
There really should be a quicker route to Purchase Orders.
Just want to know if work is being done on improving this.
I think this is a worth while feature to add in Xero.
Dear XeroI run an art gallery.
In total, there are 32 countries in the SEPA area.
It should be a core function in a service like Xero.
I've searched but can't see if anyone else has suggested this.
I think that Xero is a powerfull to manage bussiness.
Does anyone know if there is a way to change it?Cheers
We need to track their commission for each sale they make.
The new email templates are kinda busted.
It should be able to be changed and used for printing at any time.
I can't see how a repeating invoice can be brought forward.
Is this likely to be an option in Xero any time soon?
Why is an incoming and outgoing invoice both described as "Inv"?
My client is only able to withhold at an hourly rate.
Can you make the wages show in the bank rec.
It could be called "% of hours" or "multiple by hours".
I think Xero should really look into setting that up.
Employee 2 is on $19.44 an hour.
These are payments that are made on behalf of the company for example.
Can we put forward the following for consideration:1.
This is incorrect and would then further require a manual journal.
Once signed in to Xero there is full access to Payroll.
Am I missing something, or has this feature not been added yet?
Have you sustained any work injuries during this period?2.
Your Chart of Accounts should not be restricted by Payroll items.
this is the only way to approve my purchase invoices, how can I change this.
I'm a photographer and I'm finding out that a photography business is very unique.
I assume every business is unique in its own way.
It's not disastrous, but is so close to being a thoughtless process!ThanksJason
Does anyone know why is that?Your help will be much appreciated.
I am an accountant whose client uses Xero.
I REALLY do not like how UNcustomisable Xero reports are.
I have now left it on for about 3 hours with no progress.Any ideas?
Does anyone know what needs to be done to sort this out?
In Xero, the discounts are provided at an item level.
Is this something that is coming soon?Many thanks
There is a bug since an update sometime this year.
If I want to do this then I need to create a bill, and reconcile against that.
How do I change the functional currency in Xero?2.
Should I make each property a category under the tracking option?
How can I get the Spent transactions into the spent column?
Is there a way to reset xero account and start again?
Is there any way of renaming them by month so its easier to navigate?
It should be a fairly easy add inMany thanksJason
HiI've voided an invoice which had a file attached.
How do I enter into Xero the new limit so that they match?
Has anyone else noticed any similar problems?
Is there a way to create a custom docx receipt?
Also there is no Contact or support that I can talk to at Xero.
How do I book the item in so that I can raise an invoice for it's sale ?
I have a client who is going to move from Xero to Sage.
He is going to Sage 100 Contractor edition.
What tax rate should I use for the *TaxType column?
How do i post this transaction and create invoice in XERO.
This is to help facilitate conversations between Xero users.
How should bank loan instalments be handled in Xero?
On this screen, at the top I can see my Statement Balance.
slightly more doable as there are only 60 or so, but its still tedious.
Was just wondering if this is a feed error or something else?
My invoicing and my billable expenses no longer have any link.
Can you do this in Xero?Am I expecting too much from these type of packages?
Does Excel change some unseen formatting or is it just a bug?
I could create bills but is that a best practice?
Please let me know if there is another way I can do this.
When I go to reconcile the account none of these show up.
From the 9th - nothing.Is there anyway you can force a feed through?
I have recurring expenses such as telephone that is paid monthly.
Or (more likely) have I completely mis-understood what is needed here?
How does one now apply these against the actual account that they belong to?
Would like to find out if anyone was successful doing this.
I'm not using the placeholders because my only choices are to add dates.
I am a food producer who bottles infused honeys.
Is there a way to pick up both columns of data?CheersK
Is there an existing report that displays both item & category?
Hello!I currently track inventory of our t-shirts.
So I don't see how I can create any fixed asset types.
Is there a way to categorize multiple transactions at the same time?
How do I adjust the sales tax due?Thanks!
Can anyone recommend me a Xero invoice designer?
We are starting our accounts from the 30th June 2015.
Has anyone else experienced a similar problem?
How are these normally reconciled?Many thanks for any assistance.
I can't seem to delete the comparative balances tabs.
However, both of these are shown in the `Item` column on the invoice.
Creating repeating invoice is not working currently.
Can anyone offer to do Xero book keeping?
How do I change the date when I am doing a transfer on the reconciliation screen?
This is an easy fix and would be a great help.
Is it possible for Xero to send this file in the email?
FYI all of the items are tracked.Many Thanks.
Hi all, Apologies if this has been asked before/is a stupid question.
I can send an email with a pdf of the quote attached.
Am I missing something, or has this feature not been implemented yet?
How do I transfer a client's account balance into Xero.
How do I get a space between 'David' and 'and'.Thanks, Lisa
:I need to merge two (or more) inventory items.
Suddently my invoice is dead and there is no way to reverse it.
Can more lines be added to the Aged Payables Report.
These are entries with similar Payee or Reference fields.
How do I remove the item code from my invoice templates.
This event is hosted by AddOnSuccess and Wayne Schmidt.
Hello,I recently unreconciled a payment against an invoice.
Is there any way I can track the amount of work being done?
Dear AllI am currently using Clearbooks.
Could not upload .aba file to BOQ.
Today nothing is reconciled past April.
If this detail is missing, what else is missing as well?
Or will I need to create a custom DOCX file?
Is it wrong to import transactions before Jan 1?
Now my problem is how do I manage this situation within Xero?
Is there a way to pay payable invoices against receivable?
I can download from the actual bank site fine.
Is there a way to list all transactions that have been entered into xero?
Is there a way to export all of the data that you have entered into Xero?
Is there a phone number we can just call to save time.
Is there a way I can allocate these amounts to the correct location?
There are no other pay items apart from the tax etc.
Hi, We are a manufacturing startup in Victoria, Australia.
How do we enter this into Xero and reconcile it with the bank transaction?
Why is this, and how do I know how much to pay them Net this week.
We have manually entered the tax, but don't know how to do the same for the super.
Annual/personal leave is only accruing on one of them?
Hi, I am starting a new employee who is casual.
I have set up other employees the same way and it is working fine.
His allowances were put through incorrectly - should have been misc allowance.
Is there any way to accrue leave with these pay items?
Can someone please point me in the right direction.
This employee is not new and xero has previously calculated this.
I can't figure out how to make it come up with the selection of approvers?
If so, how?Would appreciate any assistance that is on offer!Thanks
Hi All,So I have a client who is employing his teenage son.
one employee is bringing her partner.3.
I remember before the upgrade, only active staff are displayed.
How can I set up in pay run, because it is Irregular payment.
I just found out that my employees should have received a pay increase.
how do i remove this leave from the payroll overview screen.
Anyone else have this problem or can suggest a solution?
Will this be updated automatically or do I need to update manually?
Can anyone please advise me as to how to make changes to this.
I'm having trouble reconciling this amount as I can not split the figure.
Do I need to create a new calendar for this employee?
Is this currently an option, or is there a way to manage this better?
If so should be be done via a "Reimbursement" line on the payslip?
How does the payroll limit work for Premium pricing?
Again, when having a large number of employees this is rather painful.
I must put in an hourly earning rate.
Has anyone else had this problem and figured out what's wrong?
Then, when I go into Payroll Settings, the dates are different there too!
How does one accomplish this transaction in Xero's Payroll.
My name is Daniel and I am the founder of MyDocSafe.com.
Will Xero take care of this, or do I need to do anything?
We are using the default chart of accounts from Xero.
Does anyone use Zen Payroll and Xero?
Why can't Xero recognize the urgency in these tax matters.
Any guidance on how I can amend the date?Thanks in advance.
Has anyone eles had this and if so, how do you correct it to allow it to work.
I can't seem to find the answer anywhere.Thanks :)
Does anyone have any insight into how Xero is calculating this number?
I am trying to print my first p45 but it is blank.
I can only think this is a bug on that particular page of settings.
We can only see how to do a time sheet for the present/future.
However, I noticed that his YTD Payments is incorrect.
The employee is due to start on the 14th of June.
How can I change the posting date to Xero accounts?
Is this possible or does anyone have a work around?thanks
Is it worth trying to learn how to do payroll on Xero?
- Perhaps the Payroll should not have been launched until glitches had been sorted.
Then another message comes up - " An error has occurred.
Just wondering how Xero calculates the annual salary.
Hi,I am doing my first IRD monthly schedules.
I am backdating payroll into xero from 1 April.
Is there a way of showing average daily pay?
Any tips?Best store for small businesses.
Any tips?Automated mobile dashboards for Xero.
Any tips?Easy online work rosters.
Any tips?Exchange data between Shopify & Xero.
Any tips?Business Advisory Software for Accountants.
Any tips?Real-time order importing.
Any tips?Project, team and client management.
Any tips?One-stop-shop for your reporting.
Ideal for businesses with 5 or more users, check out .
Any tips?Information dashboard for your cloud apps.
Any tips?A fully managed payroll service.
Any tips?Connect Wufoo and Xero with Zapier.
Anyone else with a similar request or need ?
We are a business with trucks working on construction sites.
Hey all, Is there anyway that Shopventory can talk to Xero?
Which will integrate with Xero as either a bill or a timesheet?
Is there a customer service portal add on for Xero?
Is Tradify beneficial to people like us?
How do I record this invoice paid by cash in Xero?
Perhaps there is something Stripe can do to help with this issue?
I have a client that is an online store using shopify.
I am hoping that there is an integrated app available for Xero.
Xero is just so inflexible.This is not an outlier use case.
Do any of the add-on softwares cope with this ( and hopefully the payments !)
One of the road blocks preventing this is reporting.
What I am looking for now is some guidance on how people use both systems.
If there are any preferences or big downsides of one vs the other.
Hi There,We are only trialing xero at present but like what it does.
At ezyCollect, we know this is easier said than done.
But is there a way to also import inventory items?
Is there any easy way to change this?Thanks,Samuel
Any comments/learning welcome :DThanks H
Invoices are attached to bills so they need to be exported too.
Hi there,Our firm has got a client who is with Xero.
They need to submit duty and vat returns.
Interested in any feedback that anyone can offer.Nick
Does anyone know of such an add-on that we could look at?
It is thid reporting element that i am struggling to find.
Hi, is there a cvent integration available for Xero?
It might be useful if rebranding or relabelling is involved.
Download products from Shopify into your DEAR Inventory.
Is see that Workflowmax has a 'leads management' add on.
Meaning change contents of invoice or PO.
Hi, does anyone know an add-on that has this build in.
how are users of shoe-boxed finding this service?
What do you like / dislike most about WFM or your favourite add-on?
Why is it so hard to continue emailing a PDF invoice?
It is ridiculous that I have to wait days for an answer from Xero.
ARRRGH I need to pay my staff and its not working!!!!!!
Is this something that could be added to Xero quotes?
None of the new reports are helpful to bookkeepers.
Debt collecting is standard bookkeeping stuff.
Today it is 1.44  CAD to USD.
What is the process or workflow in Xero that you'd most like to learn about?
We care about how our invoices look to our clients, and so should you.3.
Hope you can work some magic on the aboveBest RegardsPaul
We need a fix or a suggestion for an add-on ASAP.
I was told "this is done primarily to have an audit trail."
It's really not suitable for larger or complex businesses.
CLUSTER 101
Currently using QuickBooks Premier on Windows, which is desktop software residing on a local drive.
The A2X invoices are required to reconcile the payments to the bank account from amazon that occur periodically.
This is workable but it would be a lot easier if we didn't have to keep a separate spreadsheet and Xero could just do this for us.
Our business has purchased an electrical item and donated to the local school - how do I enter this?Thanks for your help
How would I go about having these invoices credited towards those purchases?We are an Australian based company.Thank you
Hello, Some one please advise how can i made a multi currency in Manual Journal and Budget
I am new to this whole accounting thing and this is so NOT my field so understanding a lot of this is taking up a lot of my time.
How do I zero the balance of the loan I have in Xero given the money never passed through the business accounts?
When buying a car to fix up and sell, is this a direct expense or should it be put in cost of goods sold?
I created another one for if it is Equal to or Less Than $15.00, it is a "Meal & Entertainment"  expense.
The bonus amount remains in the liability account, so how (and to what account) do I associate those funds with so everything reconciles?
I think it will work, as the accounting will show as a dividend, which will meet the requirements for personal tax etc.What should I do?
Should I set up a new cash advance account?When I receive receipts, say accommodation was £90.
How do I dispose of part of an asset- can you explain the workaround as I understand this has still not been brought in despite requests.
If I run an Aged Receivables report on September 1, the date of the report defaults to September.
Although not sure what I should assign for the "Accumulated Depreciation Account" and the "Depreciation Expense Account".Thank you!
New to XERO - How do I decrease the amount set in an invoice without applying an actual payment to it.
now i need to pay my drivers, i charge my drivers 8% commission fo all the work, how i can record this?
If I use the “Input Taxed” tax code in Xero, then these purchases will not be reported at G10 nor G13 (when they should be).
There is an invoice that has been part paid last FY.When I move over the invoice to Xero - how do I deal with that invoice ?
We are using the expense claim process as a way of managing our company credit card spends.
The business will take up the monthly income paid by each client as a credit against the client as deposits are received.
How come the cash basis income statement is not showing tracked inventory item purchases?
The best thing I can think of is to estimate the quantity of all of the items and then adjust them all once I complete the full inventory.
How does one enter green coffee inventory (say 150lbs) that is then in various unit sizes?
Hi,There are a number of expenses that I would like to charge to the business, for example - mileage costs.
When the wages transaction cleared, Xero can figure out how to add that to the ledger, but how do I account for the tax liability?
Previously my accountant would make an invoice for each payment.The accountant no longer works with me so i'm trying to do it myself.
How do i separate this so that $x amount goes into the Sales account for the herbs and $y goes into the Acupuncture account?
When I run next quarters GST reconciliation, the previous quarters unfiled amounts are still there.
We need to complete our UK tax return.I cannot see how to create the return from Xero.
There is currently a bank account attached to Xero as all monthly reconciliation and VAT is done in Xero.
Please bare with me... as this is a longish story.We are a new business and it took some time to setup banking.
Hi, I'm an importer/wholesale distributor from GuatemalaI'm deciding if I should migrate from Wave Accounting to Xero.
Should I be creating a Credit Note for the renewable energy generated (no GST is included) or is there another way?
My question is, does Xero currently support accessing feeds from within HSBC Internet Banking and if so how?
We collect no profit, providing the two services at cost to our customers.How do we show these transactions in our accounts?
The same question applies here...how is the money collected correctly handled in our accounts?Many thanksLorraine x
"I'm not sure about this, but I would answer "just reconcile it like how you reconcile others --regardless of what financial year you are in.
Allocate the bill to WorkCover payable (liability), and offset the direct debits against this as they are paid.3.
Any difference in the WorkCover payable amount should reconcile to the end of year WorkCover reconciliation.Thoughts?
Is it possible to run a report showing a summary of the items on draft creditor invoice and where they are coded to?
Is it possible to alter the allocation of transaction data fields (as is possible in a csv or qif download)?
How do I keep track of the Stripe transfers I actually get, opposed to what the invoice is so I can match up.Thank you!
And that "GST" would be the other one - in other words, GST paid on inputs - and that this would be the negative figure.
On a monthly basis i receive money from a third party and need to pass on some of this money to my customers.
Can i create the payment for that exisiting invoice during reconciliation?thanks guys!Xero rocks btw
The invoices are charged to the franchisee's current account, and sent to the the franchisee as a PDF attached to an email.
It's just way easier at this stage when I'm living paycheck to paycheck and need to keep things simple.
Is there a way to make Xero only reconcile 50% of a credit card transaction and ignore the other 50%.
Wondering the best way to reconcile customer payments when there is a settlement discount applied to the invoice.
In the Find & Recode screen, it would be nice to be able to search for a transaction by the reference number.
So my statement might show a $6.95 charge and a $6.95 credit for the same month.
After now doing 2 months invoicing on it I need to know how to put titles or site names or notes on to it.
We need to be able to record Expense Claim items against Costs of Goods Sold not Expenses.
Hello,I am entering expenses claims.If I select an employee in "receipt name", will I credit his account?
Hi,I can't seem to figure out how I should be processing refunds to Cash sale customers via our Eftpos.
Is there a way to add a link to my website where the customer can go and look up his invoice number to pay it?
Is it possible to arrange payment to a supplier, from a bank account or credit card,  from within Xero?
Sometimes a client cancels a day or week, so I would delete those dates for that week or day.
It dates back to 2006 and is a minor amount less than $6.What is the best way to write this off?
This would be separate from the notes field and should be a mergefield available when creating an invoice .docx template.
I need to create an invoice showing 2 things.1 - an item for an insurance excess.
Would it be possible to include the field 'Account Number' on the supplier invoice template file?
It is becoming more common that Xero is becoming Slow and Slower during the day, anyone else noticing this?
The invoices are charged to the franchisee's current account, and sent to the the franchisee as a PDF attached to an email.
I would like all the templates I set up to be available for all payroll admin staff so that there are not double ups.
A few children receive WINZ subsidies that are direct credited to our account, then the parents pay the difference.
If we need to update a check style template, we need to update it now on multiple check styles.
This would mean that it is a easier choice for practices to go 100% Xero.So Xero when will this be available?
Even if just gets populated by the Reference would be a big help and a big time saver for her.
Each time we print a Receivables or Payables Report it doesn't show a total per customer or supplier.
This would be particularly helpful for accounting firms when clients move around and the subscription has to be transferred.
Xero is meant to be servicing an unlimited range of companies who require a professional approach to their business.
This is another issue that causes businesses to send erroneous information to recipients' bank statements.
Why can't business owners and payroll officers sit for the test to receive Xero U Credits?
I can't see the rationale behind hiding both the Cashflow and Performance Graphs from Managed Client Dashboards?!
Calendar days, particularly around Easter, Christmas or public holidays are necessarily fair.
North Canterbury is a big place not just Woodend and Rangiora.What about Kaiapoi,Amberley,Cust,Oxford?
Then there are optional start and stop date calendar controls that can be used to create other reporting periods.
Hi Guys,Wondering if it is possible to get a placeholder for Invoice Reminders for the 'Invoice Date'.
Would it be possible to get some report codes that are specific to the expense categories in the PBE reports.
Is there any way of having files/folders which can be used for storing previous year/years historical information?
Is there a way to have our changes in the "new reports" flow over to the "management reports" and "year end reports"?
Can Xero please add a Box on the Dash Board for CLIENT NOTES for the Adviser Logon  only.
It would be super helpful to be able to include the Planned Date in the CSV import for bills.
On each item, was a summary for each month of how many were bought, sold, cost, sale price and profit.
Microsoft PowerBI is a great free tool that you can use to create dashboards and data visualisations with.
Power BI is easy to use and you can use "natural language" for queries & combine datasets.
Hello,Sorry this may be a fairly simple question but i'm struggling getting an answer from Clydesdale.
When entering Purchases in the Bill area, are you able to change the tab order from the default order?
It would be useful if we could run a report which shows average days to pay by customer.
UK Payroll is great and but for a few lingering little hic-ups is mainly working well.
tb report defaults to current day date in error.should be last y/e by default.
We want to be able to take out the quantity for just one line, and keep the other lines on the invoice with quantities.
Hi,I have recently had a client untick the 'Include late claims' box on the VAT return.
One of the use cases of journals (and the one in ) is to recognise revenue or expenses over a time period.
If it was possible to start this at a nominated number, this report could then be inserted as part of a report pack.
As a South African company, all the current payment services are not really designed to service our region.
A cash basis not-for-profit client has 7 or 8 activities or programmes each with its own bank account.
The Total VAT should equal &#163;20 and the invoice total should equal &#163;100.
I can't think why I'd want to send a statement that was a month out of date.It should default to the current day's date.
Currently the daily feeds are pulled from Xero at <<unspecified-time>> so they are typically a day out of date.
I'm also not clear if debit card purchases are considered to be credit cards and should be excluded as well.
Many thanks Xero, hope the sniper team can have a look at this one, should be easy!RegardsSean
It doesn't seem too much to expect that I could at least download a local backup of my accounts data.
Please can you allow long reports to have the horizontal scroll visible on the screen wherever you may be.
there are withholding tax deductions on domestic payments, for example, rent, marketing or professional services.
Because of this I need to manually calculate for each individual employee each pay period, then enter a fixed amount.
The majority of our  employees work away from home and are paid a substance allowance to cover their costs.
On occasion extra super payments are made immediately and then processed through the payroll system after the fact.
Hi,Can we set up a warning when leave accruals are insufficient so leave is not paid into a minus figure.
It would be great under the new Xero pricing if we could have Payroll as an add-on module for the cashbook.
Then I have to add it together with all the other pay items that are subject to SGC and do my calculations manually to pay Super.
On the UK version it would be nice to be able to close down a payroll scheme from within the software.
The modern world of mobility all details on the run when looking for Staff for a job in the cleaning bus.
This is fairly common so I would think that other companies would also need to use this option.
It would be nice when my employees add there hours to their time sheet that they could show which jobs they were on.
Is it possible to add the little blue star button also for the Payroll Reports?ThanksMichal
I want to post the amount to their account and then match off with outstanding invoices.What is the best way to do this?Thanks
This is workable but it would be a lot easier if we didn't have to keep a separate spreadsheet and Xero could just do this for us.
For some of the work I do, it would be really useful to appear in the same order to allow for easier matching off etc.
At the moment, you can only select 1, 2, 3, 6 and 12 month periods from the date.
Hello,I read through guides and discussions, but I couldn't find any direct answer on how the refund to a payment should be made.
One of the limitations of their existing software is importing data from a third party via csv.
The details are:- On 29th December I paid in invoice via PayPal for $3,139.63.
Is there a way to filter line items in the docx templates for the invoice/packing slip theme?
still no solution?error that is coming up after entering login info is "Something went wrong.
Should I nominate GST on Income on both the Invoice Manual Journal and the Receive Money transactions or just one or the other?
The actual debtors, therefore, are listed separately under no specific heading within current assets.
Hello, I am new to Xero (and bookkeeping), and all is going well, but I am stumped by a hopefully simple scenario.
Hello, I am new to Xero (and bookkeeping), and all is going well, but I am stumped by a hopefully simple scenario.
How do I show a partial refund from the cancellation of one of our vehicles insurance due to selling the vehicle?
We have invoices/bills denominated in EUR and there is evidence that the allocation to Xero accounts requires some review.
This is adding a lot of additional work compared to the 'old reports' function that Xero offered.
With no items being purchased or entered into Xero at this point, what is the best way to reconcile this on the bank feed?
I reconciled the original payment via the bank feed but dont know how i should be treating the refund.
I have a client who requires me to show the GST figure per line, rather than just '10%' that it shows now.
On the Receivable Invoice detail report is it possible to add an option to include credits issued.
It's not difficult to get there, but Xero is very intuitive elsewhere, this seems unusual for such a commonly used feature.
Luckily we don't need to worry about tax, but we do still need to account for this properly internally.Thanks
Is there any way, or an add-on that offers a way, of changing how transactions/history is viewed in each contact page?
Hi there,Is there a way that I can pull out a report of all the invoices without attachments in Xero and send it to my clients?
If an account has its first entry, say, in May, then when I paste into my template, everything is off by one line.
At the moment the process of creating the remittance advises are manual.Thanks in Advance.Cheers,Raktive
This method should work but it will take too much time to go into individual claims to mark it off as paid.
Could somebody please inform me on how to make these visible when sending invoices Xero to Xero.
If I select that transaction and try to remove and redo, it comes up with the following error: How do I solve this error?
Hi there,Is there a report in Xero to show unreconciled sales invoices which have been already marked as paid?
Is there somewhere that the default values for &#171;InvoiceTitle&#187; can be modified within Xero settings?
Would also be good to be show the tracking category (sales rep) on the quote and invoice.
Need to post some general expenses such as coffee, lunch etc should i post in general or direct ??
I have used the correct sales price in Xero and so, for example, 100 items sold should be £100.
Resend invitation"So obviously that email should be going to me - at the current/new email address that is in Xero!
In MYOB we could use identifiers to group our customers, such as those who paid by credit card each month.
Problem: How do I reconcile and show receipt of a GBP invoice when payment is in my USD bank acct?
HiI have to reconcile a cash account which is set up as a bank account but obviously only has manual entries.
I only see sale,purchase, expense, fixed asset, bank account, inventory under accounts.
How can I create a separate Chase credit card feed using the new login credentials?
If contact group is a contact attribute that is accessible via API, I can make my app do the work for me.
Its confusing to clients when they're expecting a quote but the email attachment says InvoiceXXX.pdf How can I change that?
should be able to delete unused/trial branding themes from drop down list or program in general
Is it possible to alter the allocation of transaction data fields (as is possible in a csv or qif download)?
Is there an easy way of automatically converting this to the Xero import format / column layout?ThanksJon
Quick overview of where some of the team will be this coming year, we'll keep this page updated as we get more on the radar.
Hi thereI accidentally paid a casual employee last week when he hadn't worked any hours.
Our Norwegian parent company is keen to also adopt Xero like our UK subsidiary.
Can I use one instance of the $39 p.m. package to manage this multi-company structure?
I would like to create a custom layout in XERO that is identical to my previous XPA template.
Some clients and their bankers do not like the fact that current assets are put on top of the fixed assets.
If there is greater demand and it looks easy enough for Yodlee to conquer then it might happen quicker.
I would be inputting several a day, would this be ok, and secondly how safe is the data I enter?
Is there some way I can add this to the pay slip automatically, without having to work them all out manually, and then add in?2.
Which is 175% of the award rate for a full time employee (as opposed to 150% of the casual rate).
Hello fellow genius', My staff and I are all paid on a commission only basis - 20% of the sales we each make.
The process is meant to be that the employee applies for leave in Xero and has it approved before they enter their timesheet for that period.
Seriously, why is it locked to any part of the chart of accounts, should be able to pick any accounts for any part of payroll.
Its a bit misleading - is there a way to suppress the HELP component, and just show one sum as PAYG?
I want to be able to show this particular employee her accruals for the year, and the payment dates for each one.
How do I put it into xero, as obviously the transaction isn't going to appear in the bank statement feed so it can be reconciled?
My question is how can I account for her payments given our weekly payroll cycle has been processed / closed off?CheersPaul
This is a huge disappointment because employee entered time sheets were one of the things that brought me to xero.
How then do I make the entry so I can reconcile the transactions in my xero business checking account feed?Thank You!
The New Pay Run choices are January 15, 2016 or Unscheduled Pay Run.
Seems I should be able to delete it.Second, the revised payrun that I  completed does not show up in any "payrun" reports.
For days, I've been trying to find a way to set up the Employment Details for each of my employees, who are not paid hourly.
Hi,  I need to set up a Payroll for a restaurant, they are dividing the service charge using "TRONC".
Xero have said there is no way to enter in 2 separate tax codes in the opening balances.
Hi thereWe are hiring an apprentice and need to process his NI under category H, but there is no such option.
Obviously I can not submit to HMRC final report as the figures are not correct for the year end.Any suggestions?
Our annual leave entitlement is due to start a new year and I'd lie to track it in Xero.
It obviously skews or P&L with literally double the wage costs that should be there.Ta,James
Somehow Xero assumes that managers should just approve their own leave as if organisations were all just completely flat.3.
I cannot see how to set this in the tabs, maybe because I am using the legacy rather than the paid upgrade?
Are there any teaching resources for teaching students how to set up a dummy company and use the payroll feature?
One staff member has an opening balance as at 31st March 2015 of $5,550.
Any tips?Pairing Friendly Manager club manager software with Xero just makes sense.
If you are a user of Xero and NAB QuickBiz Loan, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Tax Planner Pro tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Momentum's simple integration with Xero means you will have an accurate forecast up and running in minutes.
If you are a user of Xero and Pay RIGHT AWAY, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Cloud based, all inclusive project management solution available online and mobile.
If you are a user of Xero and Best Practice Modelling, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ClickDesk Live Chat, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Franchises can consolidate thousands of locations' data and view reports to improve the bottom line.
If you are a user of Xero and Business Oxygen Lite, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?A cloud based solution that synchronises accounting data between Connectwise PSA and Xero.
Any tips?Dremus is a hosted eCommerce platform used to create online shopping websites.
If you are a user of Xero and eBay by Stitch Labs, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Prepare client workpapers with smart workpapers designed for Australian accounting practices.
If you are a user of Xero and Google Calendar by Zapier, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Powerful, cloud based payroll system for Australian employers, bookkeepers and accountants.
If you are a user of Xero and Shopify by Stitch Labs, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Workpapers is an online tool that makes processing compliance faster & smarter than ever before.
The A2X invoices are required to reconcile the payments to the bank account from amazon that occur periodically.
Is there a Xero connected app that allows the clients to approve time-sheets online?Thanks
Can anyone suggest a Workflow Software/App that integrates with Xero APART from Workflow Max?
Our Shopify store offers two payment methods - PayFast or bank deposit / EFT.
Can anyone recommend a good point of sale system for a Bar/Restaurant that integrates with Xero?
We are looking to convert our handwritten customer reports to digital forms that can be emailed with the Xero invoice.
Linnworks allows FTP connection via an API with third party solution providers.
Hi thereCan anyone recommend someone who can export all data from Xero for a small company?
I feel a lot of pressure to choose the right add-on, hopefully getting it right from the start.
Or a fatal flaw ?Or is there a further alternative add-on that I've not investigated yet ?Thanks in advance for any advice / guidance.
I would welcome any advice about how to set up our system in a way which is the most cost effective but open for further improvement.
I have a client in the transport industry who has asked if there is an add-on to xero that would produce a consignment note for him.
Hi, I'm looking for an add on that would be suitable for a small Catering business, has anyone worked with any?
Hi, I have a client that is a grain trader and needs to track loads, deliveries, levies etc.
We have to download around 10,000 rows per month and increasingly this is becoming problematic.
NOT HAPPY!Server Error in '/' Application.Runtime ErrorDescription: An exception occurred while processing your request.
I think there should be a little more action to make the existing features work before asking for new ideas.
I am posting because, other than some minor operational gripes, the one thing that really lets Xero down is its Reporting.
CLUSTER 104
How is this done in Xero?
How is this done in Xero?
How is this done in Xero?
CLUSTER 105
So we are an IT Company.
Is that appropriate?
Hi, will (is?)
SHould this work ?
what is recommended?
Is there an app out there that can do this?
Is there such an app?
Any recommendations?
Am I blind?
Any preferences?
How does it work?
We are desperate.
CLUSTER 106
Or just an invoice?
How do I change that?
How can I change this?
Why is this, and how can I change this?
CLUSTER 108
Otherwise we can all find out the best way to manage it.
Has anyone ever encountered this before and how did you solve the problem?
Any tips?Calendar-based timesheets for your team.
CLUSTER 109
I am a taxi company.
How would I do all this and do I need to?
How do I put it in Xero?
Just wondering what I should have searched under?!
Why is there no day placeholder?
Why can't i just make that the default
How would I go about doing this?
But that's what i need to do somehow.
This is not good enough.
Should I set it up differently?
Xero is great.
What did you like or not like?
How was training, set-up and so on?
CLUSTER 110
I don't mind this, but how do I balance it in Xero?
I only have Monthly or Annual options.
However, there is no confirmation of action.
Any chance of including it soon?---
Or a regular leave application.
Once the date shows it can not be removed.
How do i find it again?Many thanksJustin
)Is there anyway i can do a bulk ok?
Is there any way of automating this in Xero?
Holiday entitlement is in hours.
This is showing as a negative balance.
Is MenuMate an add on for Xero?
We are in Agnes Water, QLD.
CLUSTER 113
I don't know how to handle the unfiled amounts.
BAS is done on Cash basis.
Because these deductions are not payable so how I can record it in Xero?
I am an accountant in an Edu-Tech company.
How do I allocate the refund to the payment I made?
How do I apply this credit to the payment I made?
There are 2 payments for the three invoices.
How we can register this fee under the Xero account?
Lets say this was $1000, how and where do I record this?
We have several customers that are registered charities.
How do I account for these tax payments in Xero?
We are having an issue with our AMEX account in Xero.
Or a specific date range, etc.
Should it be reporting the date range that I selected?
), debit Cash ($1320 or $1200?)
How do I record the payment so that Xero schedules it?
now Customer A account balance is nil.
Or, should I be handling this type of transaction differently?
How do I bring this cash into Petty Cash.
Some of the expense items are rechargeable to the client.
Which is called "Delete statement line".
Is it possible to have negative purchase discounts.
This is not fun when you have over 1000 assets to import.
Income should be able to be reported by Customer.
Is it possible the have payroll for global customers.
Should I have done that as a pre-payment instead?
I bank with CIBC if that makes any difference.
Customers need to see this for their records.
One of which is the petty cash account?
I only want her to be paid for what she is due - i.e.
Is it possible to schedule part payments?
I believe this is because no invoice has being raised in xero.
CLUSTER 115
how to code/receive  the refund?
This is not always a trivial process.
Is there any reason why this method wouldn't work?
Is there an automatic process available?
I am batch uploading, so this is very tedious
How do I reconcile the bank refund?
Or do they need to be copied individually?
What is the most efficient way to account for this?
Is is a very tedious job downloading them.
This is hugely time consuming.
How do I revert, and fix the account?
This is quite time consuming.
When is this Report going to be fixed ?
Is there a way to reduce it to two?
It is now painful to process any transaction.
The rest are bank transfer.
This is a huge time-waster.
Is there any suggestions for when i come to processing this?
This is rather painful!2.
I am contacting my bank as well.
CLUSTER 117
or should i be doing it the long way?
Is there any way to achieve this?
Is there a way round this?
CLUSTER 120
Has anyone used PocketSmith?
Has anyone used EMAC?
CLUSTER 122
However, we have wrongly charged that VAT at 20%, this should have been exempt of VAT as we were supplying to a new build.
I have been taking owner's draws during the year of 2015, but now I am curious how to square that with the retained earnings in 2016.
CLUSTER 127
Am I missing something?
What should I do?e.g.
Am I missing something?
Any suggestions?Derek %-)
Am I missing something??
Is it possible to merge these?
What am I missing?ThanksDave
we are 2 partners.
Is this something that I should provide them with?
Or is there a way I've not thought of?
Or am I missing something?
Is this possible?ThanksDave
Am I missing something?
Is this a bug or is there a fix for this?
Is this something that can be fixed?
Am I missing something?
I believe this is a no brainer!!
This should not be a locked field.
Is there something I can do to fix this ??
Is there something that I'm missing here?
Are there any other section I missed ?
Am I missing something?
Is this a possibility?Danny
or am i just missing features?
Am I missing something?
It is not intuitive at all how to pay these.
Am I missing something?
Am I missing something here?
Am I missing something?
How do I input this into Xero?
how do i send a receipt?
Am I missing something here?
Is there something I'm missing?
Am I missing something here?
Or am I just missing something here?
Is it just me or is this totally backwards?
Why is this - am I missing a point?
Is there a simple fix for this?
Am I missing something?
Am I missing something?
Am I missing something?
Grateful for any thoughts.
Is there something like this?
Am I missing something?
Am I missing something?
No it is not something to do just with my phone.
Is something broken?
Or am I missing something?
CLUSTER 128
If you are a user of Xero and Carry The One for Salesforce, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Opencart by Carry The One, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and OSCommerce by Carry The One, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 130
Hello, Sorry if this is already somewhere.
This is occasionally annoying.Is there any way to turn this on?
How is this best to be managed in XERO.RegardsSteff
But I need this invoice to be posted in August.
Hi All,This should be nice and easy to answer.
This should then feed directly into the pay run.
As it is now, I have to scroll to see all my dashboard content.
This is quite strange especially for Trusts.
But does not seem like there is any solution for me at present.
I find him very annoying when I am logging into my accountThanks---
This becomes an issue when entering time off.
I need to post a pay run.
The only way I can see is to do these one at a time.
So now each of these accounts is off by the amount of the pay run.
Hi all,I am having some issues with RTI filing.
Some I just want paid by EFT or whatever.....
Hi there,I run an entertainment company.
If you can already do this, then SWEET, I should start using it.
My question is related to RTI which I should be doing today.
All I want to do is see my billing history.
I can clearly see i am not the only one with this issue.
The quality of  support is absolutely unacceptable.
No errors are shown in the javascript console.
CLUSTER 134
Does anyone have any ideas?
Any ideas anyone?
Does anyone have any ideas?
Does anyone have any ideas?
Anyone have any ideas?
"Does anyone have any idea what to do?
Any ideas at all anyone?
CLUSTER 135
How do I do this with Xero?
If so...how do I do this through Xero?
Xero is down.
This is no joke.
How can I do this in Xero?
can you tell me what the ".
How do I do this in Xero?
If so, how has been your experience?
That is, after all, what Xero is for?
CLUSTER 139
Does anyone know anything about this?
Can anyone shed any light on this?
Anyone sees a problem with this?
Does anyone know how to do this please?
Anyone else have this problem??
Has anyone had a similar problem?
Anyone else with this issue?
Does anyone know how to change this?
Any ways around this?Cheers.
Is this possible to create yet?
Can anyone please help me?
Any help would be most welcomed!
Does anyone know any percentages?
Can anyone shed some light on this?
Could anyone help?
does anyone know what is going on?
Anyone else having this problem?
Can anyone help me please.
Any help here would be very helpful!
Has anyone resolved this issue?
Has anyone else had this problem?
Can anyone help?ThanksSteve
Can I do this or is there a way around this?Thanks
Does anyone else have it working?
Is this normal or something I have done.
Is there a plug in for this sort of thing?
Anyone know how to fix this?
Does anyone have any suggestions as to how we could do all of this?
I know there is probably some standard for that.
Anyone experienced in how these should be handled?
Can anyone help me with what this means?
Anyone help with this?ThanksBrendan
Does anyone know if I can do this and if so how?ThanksKaren
We are a  subscription-based organisation.
Please can anyone help?
Is this possible or will it be added in the future?
Can anyone help me please?
Anyone else use it?
That there is a workaround does not resolve this issue.
Does anyone know a workaround?
Does anyone have a better workaround?
Has anyone else dealt with this?
Appreciate if anyone can help.
Anyone else having this problem?
Anyone else have issues?
Has anyone else had this issue?
Can the audit trail be deleted?
Do I need a special permission to do this?
Has anyone else had this issue?
Is anyone else having this problem or is it just me?
Has anyone else had this before and is there a solution.
Anyone able to help?
Does anyone know how this can be done?
Anybody else having an issue?
Can anyone help me please?
Does anyone know how that happened?
or tricks I could try?
Is anyone else having problems?
Hi,Has anyone experienced this?
Has anyone else experienced this?
Or has anyone got a solution.
Is there a way to make that happen?
This is usually how it works with no problems.
Anyone got any solutions?
Wondering if there is a better way.
Support or help is of no assistance.
Is anyone else having this issue?
Can anyone please advise?
Does anyone know what i am doing wrong.
How do you work around these issues?
Anyone got any suggestions?
Has anyone else had this problem?---
- is there anything else I have to manually do?
no superannuation or PAYG implications).
Can anyone assist with this please?
Has anyone ever done this before?
Has anyone had this problem before, and how do we fix it?
Has anyone else had this problem.
How would we do that or is there a better way?
Anyone else have this problem?
Can anyone please help with this?
Anyone have a work around for this?
Has anyone else experienced this?
Does anyone know how to fix it ?
Does anyone know how to set this up?
Is it possibly to switch that somewhere?
Anyone else having this issue?
Is anyone able to advise?
Has anyone else had this problem?
Has anyone found a workaround?
Are there any add-ons that can help?
and a date which is similar (how similar?)...
Is there such a software out there?Thanks for your help!
Please help with this, any addon for such ?
I am wondering if anyone can help me.
Does anyone have one that they have found?
Does anyone have an Add-on solution?
Does anyone else have these issues?
Can anyone suggest an add-on?
Has anyone got any suggestions?
Any problems with either of these solutions?
Would anyone help me?
Is it just me or does anybody else have this problem?
Does anyone else have any issues as this?
Has anyone else done this?
Has any one ells had this issue ?
Is anyone else having issues?
Is this an issue for anyone else ?
I REALLY need to know.
A complete an utter lie.
Is anyone else having this problem?
CLUSTER 140
I have looked at the guides but I don't understand how to reconcile this.
Can anyone point me in the right direction?
fees, sales) on the statement are in EUR.
I am thinking of two things here:1.
how to change the opening balance please
Instead I should have switch from mac file.
I checked out some of the new reports that are coming.
I am putting together my report packs.
(In Xero only, not for external use or reporting!
How do I start my opening bank balance
This has only happened from about two or so weeks ago.
Sorry, I am totally confused by this process!
It will not accept No TFN or TFN Pending.
Does anyone have a template that they are happy to share?
Includes inventory support, check out .
I am having massive issues with reconciliation efforts.
CLUSTER 141
So is the report pack templates that Xero created are compliance to accounting standard?Thanks.
At present it is located at the end of the document, and requires scrolling to bottom of page each time..
We also need to import the commission paid to the third party on these transactions.Is this possible?
CLUSTER 152
Is anyone else having issues?ThanksAndrea
Please check and guide how it happens.
CLUSTER 154
Is there are limit to how many customers I have on xero?
We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause.
Perhaps I should be structuring my system differently?
Sales are then made to the general public.
I have an Inventory account set up that I have used.
Any suggestions for making this into "beautiful accounting"
Yes I'm lazy and that is why I love Xero.
This is an important feature, please add.
Would welcome any advice and comments.
again were is that account within xero, how do i view it?
Xero is a beautiful accounting software.
Is there a way to do this via a set of imports?
and can automatically enter the next payrun.
Is Xero suitable for over 100 employees?
Again, everytime we ask we are told they are working on it.
Or do I enter it into Xero and have it sync with Square?
CLUSTER 157
Do I need tracked inventory to work this out?
Do I need to enable payment to that account?
I need to track expenses to each event.
or can use tracking under one company?
Or, do I create a separate account for each supplier?
We are a small 4 person charity.
This report should have the same pagination options as other lists.
Any tips?Customer intelligence for retailers.
Everything is fine using IE!
Once something is "Scheduled" there is nothing more to do.Not in Xero.
What are the chances that Ill completely balls it up?
Any tips?Digital marketing software.
Any tips?Unrivalled AP Automation.
Any tips?Expense reports that don't suck!
Just more time and effort that didn't need to be expended.
CLUSTER 172
I mean, how do you do it?
How can I see this.
I can't see how I can do this.
We are new.
We are in the UK.
Of which I am one?
CLUSTER 177
There is no drop down at all.
Any chance?
I am furious.
CLUSTER 179
Since they are two separate transactions with two different parties, I think I will need to create two invoices: one for each party.
This gain makes its way into the profit and loss report and sits in the operating expenses as an income.I am not sure this is right in an accounting sense though.
Xero often gets the calculations wrong (for instance using Avg Weekly Earnings (per hour) which are randomly higher than they should be).
CLUSTER 181
Any tips?Never type your expenses again!
Hi I am setting up or integration with Deputy.
CLUSTER 187
But this function doesn't seem to do the job, or I am not understanding how to use it.Thanks!
Any tips?Payroll software for Ireland that simply works.
CLUSTER 208
Am I off track?
Is there such a beast?
Is this included?
What is this and what should I enter here?
CLUSTER 211
I have not been able to find a way to import all the disbursements into a bill format, only to create it manually.Is it possible to create a bill from the output of a disbursement file, if I was to export and filter to Excel all outstanding disbursements?ThanksWill
I understand how the tracking works and I have done this for all of the income, which all looks fine.For example say total purchases for the year is 12,000 I need to  allocate a percent of this figure to four different aspects of his business eg.
I would like to have the ability to Setup more than 10 email templates for a template type, this would provide more flexibility  and save having to manually add/change details into a standard template and.then not be able to save the details because of the 10 limit.
HiIs there any way in Xero that I can consolidate reports from 3 different companies that are set up in Xero?I want to be able to run a report that takes the accounts from all 3 companies and creates one Group Company report.Is this possible?ThanksRoz
Hi, I need to deduct a weekly amount from an employee for child support payments for IRD can this happen automatically or do I need to make this adjustment manually weekly to their pay?Thanks Andy
CLUSTER 214
One of them is only used for paying withdrawals to a high volume of different payees.
Often it is difficult to convert dollars into hours especially when there is pay rises.
Can someone direct me to what template I should use to import all payroll related expenses.
Any tips?Roll is simple yet smart workflow management software.
CLUSTER 216
Accountants we work with recommended to "Show as a receipt in the bank and offset against Expenses COS if it allows" but I have no idea  how to do it.
Hi all,Does anyone know how you can set the new financial statements so that they round amounts to remove the cents.
These Spend Money transactions were posted to an asset account, and are also not showing on the 1099 Report in Xero.
How do I determine my equity base (this is my first year running the S Corp) since I am a 100% share holder?
Can you amend the employee set up so we can record days an employee actually works and these are then reflected in holidays etc?
That we readers can easily assess how they are tracking for the full year, rather than just how the budget has been "phased" through the Budget Manager.
It will only account for transactions posted up to the current date.If anyone has suggestions how to handle this, it would be greatly appreciated.
CLUSTER 218
Any ideas, Please?
Are these COGS or Expenses?
How should I categorize these in Xero?
Any ideas Zero?
General or Direct?
an expense account?
Is this by way of a credit?
Now, How should I account for to such a scenario?
They are all over the place eg.
How and where do I allocate these?3.
Any ideas?Dave
An ideas please?
How do other people handle this?
Any ideas what's going on here?
Any ideas what this means?
Any ideas why this is happening?
Could you explain to me why?
Any ideas why this is happening?
Any ideas please?
No explanation is given.
Any ideas how that can be achieved?
Any ideas please?
This is what entering cards is for.
Xero is awesome!!
CLUSTER 225
How are so many users coping up this crap?
Send us an email on  or visit
Send us an email on  or visit
CLUSTER 244
is there already a feature to do this?
Is it too much to ask?
!Appreciate any help.
Is this too much to ask for?
I hope this is helpful.
Any advice?Regards,
Is this feature there already?
This is driving me crazy.
CLUSTER 246
PAYG Tax and HECS is currently calculated on an individual pay period.
If you are a user of Xero and PeopleMine, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and JuanTax, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and BrightGauge, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ControlC, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Grow, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ExpenseTron, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Fuelled, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Magnetic, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and PayDay, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Billpower, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and AuditFile, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Lightspeed, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and DueCourse, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and HReasily, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and UKForex, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Sapaad, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SuiteFiles, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and RosterElf, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and My Own CFO, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ProfitCents, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and PropertyMe, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and NowInfinity, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SalesSeek, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Dryrun, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Capify, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Angeloop, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and EZRentOut, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Workato, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and EzzyBills, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and BizFi, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and EazyCollect, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Imonggo, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and webexpenses, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and GetCapital, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Talenox, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and BarTab, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Boomr, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and CoverKit, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and PennyPipe, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Evopos, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Epos Now, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Proposify, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Arlo, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Pepperi, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and PropertySuite, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and uCollect, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Kwanji, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Chargify, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Veeqo, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and CheckVault, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and FORMbasic, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Everline, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and iAgri, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Xpenditure, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Vision6, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Mobileezy, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Onsight, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Infoodle, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Chaser, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Satago, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and commonsku, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and JunariCRM+, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and MarketInvoice, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and IQBoxy, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Boxkite, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Hubdoc, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and invoiceASAP, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SeederBoard, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SimpleLegal, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Fundbox, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and BodeTree, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Rerun, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Nexonia, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and tax1099, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Tradify, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Storbie, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Copper, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Spearmint, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and safeguardmy, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Quotient, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and RightSignature, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and trafficLIVE, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Tradevine, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Accelo, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and BookingBug, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Bstar, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and inSTREAM, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ClickPOS, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Communigator, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and CustomerSure, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and DebtForce, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Deputy, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Dremus, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ezimerchant, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Fathom, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and AroFlo, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Magnetism, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and PaySuite, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ProfitSee, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Senddr, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Smeebi, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Unleashed, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Webrecs, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Wisenet, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Gusto, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 253
That's just plain stupid design.How can I turn it off?
Xero should be able to figure out these are different, but it doesn't.
Do I need to do something to set this up so it works?
I feel I should be able to do this without exporting?
At the moment you can only set up 5 reminders.
Currently we can only use the default set up.
We would like to know how to do this in the above scenario?
Hello,We are in the process of setting up Xero.
Somehow, it can only delete the exchange stuff.
You are in fact complicating the crap out of things.
We can export as PDF and then email--but that is a hassle.
This happens on Xero and most of the bank websites.
Our company is changing from MYOB to Xero.
How would you setup the payroll calendar?
We are setting up a company that does payroll once a month.
Is there a long term problem with support?
How would we go about this in Xero payroll?
What tips and tricks or features do you love and why?
Or Xero can contact the subscriber directly.
CLUSTER 254
This would make much easier reading for the customer.
What should the entry be to record this Grant in our Restricted Funds  GL?
You can monitor the budget and export invoices from TimeCamp to Xero.
Am i missing something really basic or is there a work around?
We have products that clients should purchase every 2 years.
Is there a way to change the item code in an invoice after it has been paid?
In Thailand, there is a 3% WHT when customer pays an invoice.
It has to show the total invoice amount (without WHT).
Could someone please explain how to delete them.Thank you
How do I correctly record for payment processing fees in Xero?
Consequentially now there is a Accounts Receivables balance showing for $2M.
What we asking an accounting software is RELIABLE, Xero can't offer that????
I assume I need to split it and code each item differently.
Is there a way to show my bank running balances on the dashboard?
How then do I move the item to Fixed Assets?Thanks for any guidance on this.
I'm downloading invoices individually as I need to pass them on for records.
It looks like you can't change the currency rate on payments.
How do you add company director and registered address details.
Hi, can you advise what code should I reconcile the following payment.
I don't have this problem when paying bills from any of my other accounts.Thanks in advance.
I refunded the balance of $1335.16, but am unsure how to reconcile this.
i have to account about a 100 expenses in xero, is there a way to import the same.
Can an invoice plus a transfer transaction be reconciled together?
It is hard to read when printed out.Jim StapletonImagestuff.com
I would like to know how I set the vehicle repayments up?
I am on a flat rate scheme, so should I leave this selected to No VAT?
Is it possible to have an option to show the reference line instead?
What could be the reason and how can I find out what the transactions causing the difference?
Hi, I am currently registering fixed assets in Xero.
I am told there is a system tax for GST but I don't understand how to go about it.
Is there a report that I can run to show payments made by this method?
I'm reaching out to anyone that uses repeating invoices annually.
Hey guys, Any help for my scenario would be great!
These I allocate as Inventory items as I need to do stock control for them.
I know the stock should be an asset and I have created an asset account.
It seems the consignor proceeds is a payable, but how do I deduct my fee?
Is the only way to do this via a journal to the Directors' Loan Account?
So for one day I took sales tax when I didn't need to.
Is this down to my version of Excel or is this something that just doesn't work?Thanks!Paul
And for each Product A sold only $1 of cost of goods.Any thoughts?
I'm sure there's a simple answer to this, but I can't seem to find one here.
Question: How do I account for the printing part?Steps:1.
Is this possible in Xero or an add on to xero.ThanksMark Harding
Or is this generally done in a separate program like excel?
Therefore you are not sure of which ones need to be selected to unreconcile.
xero won't let me add inventory items that have no value.
Has anyone else had this issue and does anyone know how to fix this?
I figured out how to setup the Conversion Balance for outstanding invoices.
Also, are interim advisor packs on the agenda soon?
has anyone out there tried to change their year end dates?
I need to make Recipient Created Tax Invoices.
They have said to make an account that is called "cash on account".
If so, there would be an Opening Stock at beginning of each month.ThanksSharon
My question is how do I determine the profit or loss of a invoice (order)?
First off, it's VERY frustrating how long email support takes.
Anyways, there is no way to mark invoices which she has already printed out.
Maybe a notification every time a bill is added?
How do I reconcile the refund so that the overdue amount is re-assigned against our supplier?
All of these expenses/income is paid from/into a single bank account.
Some of the suppliers are providing a refund - some are being offset against future invoices.
I need to create an overpayment on a payroll tax bill.
Each car reg booked inBest suggestions pleaseJo:-)
Has anyone else experienced this issue and is there an easy solution?
Is there a way to do something like this in Xero?Regards,Stephen
We are a moderate sized plastering company (under construction industry).
We create an invoice that is sent to a debtor finance company.
Xero for Dummies is an excellent resource and well written.
I do not sell any product/service that includes a sales tax.
Hi We are UK based Xero Gold partners.
Hi,How should I account for a tax refund that came into my LLC?
How can I process this without leaving the claim partially unpaid?
How do you match the reality (physical invoices in folders etc.)
Do I create an account in chart of accounts called 'Stock'?
Period starts on the 1st and ends at the end of the month.
How do I apply these against the invoice, so I can mark the invoice as fully paid.
How do I take the funds out of the liabilities account and apply it as a payment?
Is there a way to change that in bulk to the correct expense account?
Question is -I can only seem to 'Refund' an overpayment but obviously I am not going to do this.
I have clients that sell items and have a very limited number of them on-hand if any.
I am on a Samsung Galaxy S4, so maybe it's my old hardware
I'm looking for advice from anyone who has moved from Sage to Xero.
Is there a way to do this when I enter the bill or put it in the recurring bill?
Hi, Sorry if an answer for this is elsewhere, but I can't seem to find it.
Needless to say how time consuming is this task and frustrating.
Is there another way to do this, perhaps using an add-on to Xero?
I look forward to hearing back from you as I am so surprised that this is not available!!
Each item will need to record different refurbishment expenses against it.
However a few things are tools or protective clothing etc.
Is there a way of bulk deleting statements or do I have to do this one by one?
No employees/inventory/etc.thanks so much for any advice.
Inventory is one meaning that we have to still run both systems.
We are an Australian company that also issues invoices in NZD.
I have now got most of my supplies to email directly to xero which is very handy.
How can we make it so based on the customer type we have different pricing?
Cash accounting or Accrual based on where our position is with payments.
I can't seem to be able to find the connection on the Kiwibank site.
What do I need to add to my Chart of Accounts?Thanks,Sarah
This is a tax for existing, not income, payroll, sales, etc.
Consequently, my sales are reduced directly by the amount of discounts.
Any takers?Rick CulletonDiscountElectronics.comrick@discountelectronics.com
I am learning how use Xero invoices and need some assistance.
Who decided it should only be once a month - the transactions are happening daily just like any other?
However when I go back into my transactions pending to reconcile it is not there?!
If this can be done, how is it done...:)   Any information would be helpful,,Cheers
Is anyone using Xero with their e-commerce business.
They are shown on the calendar so it knows there are holidays approved on that day.
That is not how the client spells it & they do point it out, and it does not match what the ATO has on their records.
It is such a time vampire to go to chart of accounts and add it.
However, there is no way to display this information on the invoice when printed.
Is it possible to set this up to receive online payments to invoices?
This way we do not need to refer to an invoice when doing a payment run.
Currently not available and makes is a pain to work around.
I hope this is coming as part Xero HQ development.
Here is a classic problem that we get.We receive an amount in our bank.
Listing all employees in last name order or an option.
Names, amounts, dates need to be updated regularly.
We are no longer able to see the TFN on the client record.
I can add a footer to all the other pages, just not the cover page and contents.
This can only be done if the expenses are added via the PC initially.
ie Either RDI or RDI - Ballance fertiliser.
This would make it more obvious that the emailed invoices are official.
It would be fantastic if Xero could be expanded to cover this.
If you are clicking on a transaction, 99% of the time you want to drill down into it.
At the moment these are two separate actions.Cheers Anne
We are using the new report packs for financial statements.
This would help easily identify any late adjustments.
You import a bill then find you need to make an adjustment.
Hello, Is it possible to add a  graph to the Dashboard please?
Can't print the result in a format that at least replicate the page.
Processing a payment once is so much more efficient than 12 times!
The categories are not necessarily created on Xero in date order.
Before it would show how many days an invoice was overdue.
I am finding that not all locked Accounts from the Chart of Accounts are used.
Anyone else out there have a similar issue (and has come up with a solution)?
On the Customer Invoice report you can only select one currency.
Is it possible to order the paid invoices by the vendor name?
There is a place for VAT number but no Company Registration etc.
Therefore, this needs to be manually adjusted when it is exported out to Excel.
sort by supplier and then alter any part payment amounts5.
HiThis is how to apply a returned customer cheque in Xero.
I need to be able to see how my staff are progressing with training.
This area is of no business of theirs & they should not be able to access totals of sales.
A simple total in the top bar should be easy to incorporate.
Can the report be adjusted to show actual invoices please?
I am looking detailed reports on sales aspects of Xero.
The current report codes provided are not enough for some of our clients.
This is particularly frustrating when processing a large invoice/quote.
An account type should be able to default to a division.2.
We are trying to setup our payroll ready for the month end.
Manually adjusting each imported item is very time consuming.
At this time only one reply email address is possible
How do I re run an incorrectly posted pay run?ThanksClaire
The currency column in PayPal statement should be put to use.
In Xero, there is literally no way to see information this way.
We should be able to search based on Paid Date also.
Hello XeroThe previous thread on this issue is now closed.
Alternatively this could be a tick box which is selected before reconciling.
Has anyone else had this problem and found a way to resolve it.
At the moment you can not navigate between the cells using navigation arrows.
It's not possible to use just the keyboard, because the tab order is wrong.
If there is in fact already a way to do this please let me know how!
It then takes half an hour or more undoing that momentary error.
My example I am allocating one credit against 77 invoices.
Currently you can only add the account number, name and details.
Or let me know if you have a better way.Thanks,Chris
Not sure who forgot to implement that same functionality in payment summaries.
Is there a quick way to fix it for a specified period ie.
Currently on the Income Statement, transactions are grouped by Account.
Obviously, this would need to be stored under Supplier Contacts.
Yes, in this case ALL CAPS means I am really YELLING!
If I enter a contact's ABN, could this not be used to: 1.
Hi Xero,I'd be excited if you developed an amnesia tool.
I like to compare months but there is currently no way of doing this in Xero.
HiI'm an accountant who uses Xero Partner Edition.
I purchased an asset, using: Purchases -> New -> Bill.
There should be a drop down list of contacts you can scroll through at this point in the transaction.
But Xero need a few more people to say they would love it to.
Is there any way to change on the back end or through my financial adviser?-----
Are there any keyboard shortcuts when entering a new payable invoice?
Or is this already in Xero because i could not find it.Cheers Stew---
When I do my payroll run, all the benefits and deductions I have set up appear as they should.
I wondered if anyone else has experienced anything similar???
For example Employee 1 is on $29.16 an hour.
Please add the feature so that RDO's can be done automatically.
The reporting feature should enable you to report on any field in Xero.
I can not seem to find the import option.Thanks,Evan
There is a new great report "Payable Invoice Detail".
I am trying to do a money transfer between two of our bank accounts.
How can I put in the description to the client the "month" so that it rolls over on each invoice.
I am willing to re-think the process to accommodate how it does work but am struggling to.
Is there a tutorial I missed or a step-by-step that shows this?-Tom
Is there a way to ensure that the payment is applied to their invoice specifically?
HiA receipt was entered in error when in fact it should have been a Bill.
Anyone know if there is a way of doing this?Thanks in advance - John
Because it was paid with Funds Introduced there is no account transaction to delete.
Is there a way to add codes in the account column for expenses?
The font sizes in the reports are very difficult to read, these should be adjustable
Is there any way to file this as 1 complete return in xero.
There is no option to set a tax code when booking a payment.
It's doesn't show the company/contact name either ?Thank you
We use our own money to pay on the credit card of the business.
I'm concerned about how many invoices have been sent out where the total has been short.
It works well, and we reconcile and treat these transactions like any other.
Failing that is there another way of generating the desired result?
Do I need to set up a separate Accounts user to be able to do this?
I can see from the Demo Videos that recurring invoices are easy.
Its making using Xero very time consuming.Any fixes?
Then how do you also stop it being a deduction come tax time?
This is likely due to the way the cells are formatted by Xero.
As the invoice had been deleted, it should not show on trade creditors report.
I am quite surprised there aren't more howls of protest about such a fundamental issue.
For it to be populated, I have to click the box under “Account”  Is this the way it works?
Is this a glitch or is there something else I need to do?Thanks in advance
This is their way of claiming the excess from me without me having to actually pay it.
The two transactions that are causing issues are end of December.
Is there any way to attached more than one PO to a customer invoice?
These bonuses are typically paid into the business PayPal account.
Can I archive it like it would be if I’d created a bill from the inbox?
Can't find anything in settings or anywhere else....CheersIan
Is anyone else having this problem?I can't contact support for support :|
Is it possible to store (electronically) purchase invoices in Xero?
When running a statement or report on a supplier or customer account.
Same thing happens when you edit an invoice.Can this get fixed?
Is there anything else that Xero uses to populate this field?
Please note I do not think this is a bank feed problem.
I've searched through the videos and guides and can't find any example screens.
Total cost of each shirt is $10.92 Thanks!
or is there a filed or option for "cost-of-sale"?Thanks in advance.
Is it possible to Export any or all the email addresses we have within Xero???
Is there a way to adjust the way that Reports look in Xero?
What is the fastest / easiest way to record cash payments?
It can't be anything meaningful because it's empty and there's no way to add information here.
Inv 1 is correct but Inv 2 is short.
HiThis is how to apply a returned customer cheque in Xero.
The Customer statement only seems to show invoices for the customer.
How do I start using zero for this type of book keeping.
I was just wondering how many contacts/ 'customers' I can add in Xero?
it shouldn't matter how I create the Xero entry it is still a purchase.
a) How do I firstly add the money coming in as clearly it isn't a sale?
Is there a way of doing this without having to refer the customer to the online quote?
Is it possible to do this for multiple invoices rather than one at a time.
I know how to declare the Duty but the VAT is driving me crazy.
If it's Xero...just that some of our international customers have asked "what is the CVC field?"
Is there any way I can change the Bank Account to a credit card?
You know how it's such a pain in the bum to document our ledger review?
In tracking, how do I add a job number with a sub category?
I am interested in finding out if Xero is PCI compliant, and if so to what level?
Is there a way to import bills for day to day work?
Most of my clients would like more details on the receipt other than the reference.
How could I merge them so that their sales records are combined in reports?
For me, it is taken out of my bank account in AUD, then converted to USD.
So in effect for one purchase there are the following transactions:1.
Anyone else having this problem, or found a work around?
(Obviously 'transfer' will not work as this acc is not added into xero).
Should there be an image for the GoCardless Payment Service?Regards, Paul.
Is there a method for transfering my data from clearbooks to Xero?RegardsDave
We need to enter this info into Xero as a sale for each day.
Hi, I see there is a new release due this weekend.
(Not for payments on bills, bank transfers, overpayments or prepayments.)
Has anyone found a way of embedding a photo in an invoice?
* Discounts in Square are a $ amt, in Xero they are a %, so we can't easily push that over.
I also can't see how I can add in my staff's claims on their behalf.
I am wondering if I can set the email address that invoices go out from?
Is this feature simply not available or am I missing something obvious?
I can't find any guidance on this topic in the Xero Help files.
Or could this be done simply by using an invoice payable?
Have found http://debtordaddy.com/, but wonder if there is any other options?
Is there a way to be able to print a "receipt" or batch report
Some of our employees were loaded into the system as being paid fortnightly and should have been monthly.
Do I remove the HELP debt component from their final pay and if so how?
How do you get the PE journals to appear as an available match?
How should i set this up in payroll?Is there anything else i should be aware of?Thanks.
!If they plan to offer support then they need to SUPPORT their customers.
we cannot submit or approve leave requests today.
Now I'm not sure this is the best way to take some income as an owner .
How will my end of year reports handle this if I do add it as a deduction?
This is what I decided to do (not sure if this is right or best practice).1.
Is there a way to separate wages to different expense accounts?
So has a new update changed the way Timesheets are approved?
I am new to Xero (and accounting) and can't find the answer to this question.
They are included in the Payroll Employee Summary report I produce.
How do I reinstate these pays or why would this occur?Thanks Helen
Is it possible to change the payslip format for different employees?
HI,We are a busy Hospitality Business in NT, Australia.
How can I find & match or create a rule when there is no entry in there to reconcile against?
I have what I think is a simple requirement of payroll, with regards to leave.
My view is that an employee should accrue based on how much they are working.
I also have a full time employee for whom leave is accruing.
When staff request leave, there is a box to put in a description.
I am paying weekly so this shouldn't be particularly complicated.Thanks for any suggestions!
I was wondering if this is the correct and best way to make the adjustment.
In the earnings rate, overtime hours are exempt from super.
or is there an aftermarket add on someone could recommend that will do this?Thanks
Is there a way to do this or am I unable to now add leave at this later stage?
Their timesheets have been entered, however they are not included in the current Payrun.
There are quite a few things about the payrun system that needs to be modified.
The commission amounts are based on a billable amount during the month.
The tax is based on the employee's home location.Is there any way to do this?
I've discovered, to my disappointment, that there is no timesheet link between WFM and Xero.
Is Zen Payroll a replacement for Xero Payroll functionality?
I need to pay an employee a one-time bonus.
How do I submit RTI filing to show that there is no activity this month?
What should I enter on Xero as the pay period start date?
I'm trying to do my first pay run, which is due today.
Hi,I have a client who is considering transferring from Sage to Xero.
We are a software development company that work on a project basis.
is taken from their gross pay on June's pay run.
I will then set her up on Xero and need to arrange for her redundancy payment.
I can't see an option for anything except printing the P45!
If so, how do I journal this to show correctly on the profit and loss report?
(as pay is meant to be run today or tomorrow)... Ed.
It doesn't look like this is possible to setup in Xero Payroll?
Is there an easy way to reconcile and update the accurate payment?
They both have a tax code of 0T (they don't have any personal tax allowance).
How do i set up a student loan deduction in UK payroll?
So I can email everyone apart from the first 4-5.
I need to reverse that transaction on our payroll but not entirely sure how.
Is there any way to fix this or should I just not be using payroll for W/T contractors?
They don't have any deductions from their wages but I have Kiwisaver and Student loan payments.
With truely variable staff hours, this is a bit of a disaster.
His sick leave balance is 2 days , right  ?
I don't want to use Payroll in Xero so why is this option there if it does nothing ?
Any tips?Cloud-based software for HR compliance.
Any tips?Get More with Grow — Your Xero Reporting Tool.
Any tips?Your Expected Cash Flow, Daily on a Calendar!
Any tips?Xero integrates with your Office 365 email.
Manage bookings, models, galleries, your website and more, from any device.
Any tips?Cash flow management and financial forecasting.
Drag/Drop, E-mail or snap a photo.
Like Xero you can be up and running in minutes and use it on any device.
Post your journals together with an attachment of your supporting calculations.
Any tips?Europe’s leading mobile payments company.
Any tips?A powerful cloud job management system!
Any tips?Time and expense tracking for law firms.
Any tips?Cash flow forecasting made easy.
Any tips?Automate your receivables and get paid faster.
Any tips?Online transport management made easy.
Any tips?Comprehensive management for creative agencies and studios.
Any tips?Custom software solutions for golf clubs.
Any tips?Retail management and point of sale solutions.
Get paid via PayPal or a payment gateway.
Hi There,I am a part owner of an importing company in Australia.
Does anyone know of any add-ons that could help?
Is anybody currently using an add-on for this that works well?
2.Booking in these serial numbers from purchased inventory.
Can anyone recommend a Xero add-on for a pub in the UK?
We are looking for an add on to Xero that would do the following:1.
Hi there,Has anyone used any alternatives to receipt bank?
We are trying the new Shopify Xero integration app.
Did anyone have success connecting Xero with Linnworks?2.
), any quality control flags, chargeback memos, etc.
Does anyone know if xero will integrate with K3RSG Epos?
Our month end process is relatively straight forward.
Has anyone been using an addon for newsagencies for their POS systems?
Is there a Xero Add-on that could assist them with their production timetabling?
Hi,Is there a Xero add-on that can manage mortgages or loans?
Does anyone have any aged care clients using Xero?
We are having an issue with how the sales tax codes are coming into Xero.
They are currently using MYOB which is inadequate for their type of industry.
We can enter the pallets into a Vend purchase order as -25.
The issue comes with how we select the invoices to batch and pay.
Hi,I am needing an inventory system that integrates with Xero.
Has anyone used Klixmedia's SugarCRM connector to Xero?
Which is the best way for businesses to enter these details in Xero
Xero is a complete zero.I posted this on Facebook also.
Hi,I am quite concern how slow my queries are being addressed.
I am wondering how to look at the last years Profit and Loss.
I am so frustrated with Xero support I feel like screaming.
Contact through email is too slow.To slow to restore my account.
They won't need to manage users nor demo Xero to clients.
I feel that if you undertake a task then we should know when you expect to complete.
We are experiencing an unusually high number of queries at the moment."
Hi,I have not received any bank feeds over night on any of my accounts.
Is Xero migrating to Google's new authorization API?
Hi, the bank feed process has changed, or you are having problems.
I am using Google Chrome on a Windows 8 machine.
HOW TO RECONCILE DEPOSITS WHEN YOU MAKE A CASH WITHDRAWAL AGAINST THE DEPOSIT.
CLUSTER 261
Costs should work the other way around - if actual spend is less than budget then this is a positive variance.
The only way to view your employees in the contacts page is via the "All" tab, as they are not linked as either a customer or a supplier.
CLUSTER 272
At present there is no simple way of correcting this.
How do I delete a draft pay run?
CLUSTER 274
On the occasions that we do not receive the actual cash to convert the currency and bank it, we create Bill credit notes for the artist so that we can deduct the relevant amount from any future royalties payments to them (Bills we receive from the artist).So... we have various Bill Credit Notes in different currencies and an Bill from artist for their royalties in GBP for which we want to allocate that foreign currency credit.Problem is, Xero will not allow us to allocate the Bill Credit Notes that are in a currency different to the Bill from the artist (which is in GBP).Can you help me figure out a way around this that can maintain transparency and accurate foreign currency exchange rates?Best,Khyam Allami
HiMy client's business services/maintains clients' assets and needs to bill out hours spent working on them as well as oncharge materials costs/contracted out costs with a margin.What is the best reporting option to display ALL (tracked) costs (payroll, purchases, expenses) for each tracking category (so in tracking category order, then GL code order - not the other way round) and then is there a way Xero can produce the bill, or a report for producing the bill from, where a margin may be required on the costs?Thank youKaren
Having the weeks in Xero aligned to Harvest (where weeks end on a Sunday) would make it much easier to transfer the time collected in Harvest.i.e Week 1 would include:- Monday 29 June & Tues 30 June as locked for entry of- Wednesday 1 July - Sunday 5 July available for inputWeek 2 would include:- Monday 6 July - Sunday 12 July available for inputetc.Is their an option to set the Week Ending Day in Timesheets?
We run our small business with Five employees and this will not change, we are restricted by our location and government requirements.One of our employees went on Maternity Leave and we needed to replace her for 18 weeks, however we need to keep our Maternity Leave employee on the system to pay her the government payments, including PAYG.The replacement employee will only be relieving the same hours for the term of maternity leave.However because we will exceed the 5 employee threshold we are now required to upgrade to a higher plan, in essence a penalty for having a staff member on maternity leave.
Hi,Total newbie here.I am reconciling my bank feed.In the feed there are two expense items that are related to a single new fixed asset (initial purchase and then a week later import taxes/duties).The item is a specialised piece of technical field equipment.When I go to allocate which 'Account' it goes to, under 'Assets' there are only a couple of options: Prepayments (620), Office Equip (711) less Depreciation (720) and Computer Equip (720) less Depreciation (721).Obviously these don't fit the item, so I was wondering if maybe I am meant to enter the new asset another way??
There are many items in the bank feed which may not relate to the business, as I operate as a sole trader and have a single bank transaction account.So when there are things like myself manually transferring funds, or paying for groceries etc, those are items which I am not reconciling against the business accounting.Could such a feature be implemented whereby items in the bank feed could be ignored or hidden?As not everything can be reconciled.Unless I was to create a 'personal account' in the accounts list.However that defeats the purpose of doing the business accounting.Not sure if anyone else has mentioned this.
CLUSTER 277
Did not have any a list of Fixed Assets completed.
This blank uneditable field is blank.
How can I edit the disposal of a fixed asset.
We are a Cyprus based investment firm.
This is crazy and really should be fixed pronto.
CLUSTER 280
How do I handle this in Xero?
This is incredibly annoying.
Is this a Xero problem.
Any one here who can advise.
For more information, check out  or .
Any tips?Easy.
Here is link to other discussion.
How and Where do you record this information ?
CLUSTER 282
I need to account for - gross pay, net pay, income tax and NICs.
I am finding it very frustrating using the 'Activity report' on Xero as you cannot see the description.
Or do I need to enter manually?If I need to manually enter the opening balance how can I do this?Thank you :)
CLUSTER 283
Hello, I just noticed that my bank feed (which is also connected to freshbooks) hasn't refreshed/updated in 5 days...even though there have been several transactions that I need to process immediately.
I have inadvertently voided an invoice, how can I reverse that action as I have already issued the invoice to the customer an dI need to keep that invoice number?Thanks in advance
It would also be nice if we could set it that as soon as we drag an attachment over a Bill screen (especially one with no data in it) that it would go straight to SBS mode.
CLUSTER 287
Regarding an unrealized gain, I would expect the '740 - Buildings' account to be debited by the amount of gain (or loss), but I don't know what the other side of the log entry?
hi we have multiple (200 customers), can we set up so for each client we can track individual profit, costs and/or losses at a customer level?Thanks
CLUSTER 316
How do I reconcile these in xero?
How do I reconcile it against the invoice/them ?
How do I invoice and post these?
If that is so, what account should that be allocated to?
and if so how do you reconcile the transactions?
How do I reconcile this transaction?
Is there a way of filtering these out?
I don't ever post any.
How should I reconcile this transaction?
what account should I use?
How do I enter and reconcile that.
This column is essential.
I don't ever post any.
Is there any report available about this?
What should I do with that bank entry?
How will I reconcile the transactions then?
How do I reconcile this now?Cheers
So how do I enter these transactions?
How do I reconcile this in our accounts?
I am, therefore, a bookkeeper.
I am not an accountant, nor am I a bookkeeper.
CLUSTER 327
Based on the way I made credit card payments in QuickBooks, it's treating the payments as Income (assigned to a Bank Clearing Account).
I would like to be able to see a monthly income forecast for the next 12 months based purely on the repeating invoices set up in the system.
And while talking of rosters, it would be so good to be able to upload rosters to Xero and then pre-populate draft timesheets as per the roster for each employee.
CLUSTER 330
How can I be sure that she had the correct amount withheld?
No need for paperwork, everything is already there.
CLUSTER 338
How to solve the problem?
Hi!I am a beginner.
but I am learning very fast!
Is there anyway to currently do this?
After all, speed is what Xero is all about.
?Is there a way to solve it?
I am an independent consultant.
Should xero automatically do this?
Search is terrible.
CLUSTER 339
The invoices are already paid - as in, the total invoice for Client A was £100, and £3 of it was for Facebook Ads.
It appears to me that in the UK, automatic bank feeds for HSBC credit cards are still not available.
Hi,It currently appears there is no option for employees to add notes to a timesheet.i.e.
However, not long ago I cancel my subscription because back then I'm not sure I need an accounting software.
Hi,We would like to see tracking option added for the bank revaluation set up.
CLUSTER 346
What is current best practice for this?
What is the correct way to set all of this up?
Should this appear on my VAT return?
Should it have been 30/6/16?
or what is the best way to go about this?
So How should I track this import tax?
How can I best account for my sales?
Is there a better way of handling this?
What is the best way to go about this?
What is the best way to do this?Thank You
(Which I admit is non standard)
Or do I download as a quickbook file?
What is the best way to deal with it?
Should I adjust the inventory manually ?
How do I do this and then reconcile against the refund?Thanks
Should this be filed under expenses or as a bill?
As a result, the balance is way off.
How do I deal with this entry in Xero?
Do I need to do a manual journal?
Can I delete or void the overpayment?
These item need to be sorted.
If not, what is the best way to handle this?
I am becoming so overwhelmed with this issue.
Is there an easier way to go about this?
Suggestion:  We are left in the Dark.
I am not sure which one should I use.
What is the best way to handle this?
this just can't be correct functionality so what am i doing wrong?
I can't find any way of doing that with Xero.
Is there another way to deal with this?
Or must that be done manually?
I am obviously doing something incorrectly.
Is there any way to delete these or edit?
How do I do an adjustment and pay the difference?
Surely there is a better way?
What is the best way of going about that?
Am I missing some synching option here?
Is there already a way of doing this that I've missed?
CLUSTER 348
If so - how do i find my Bacs user number?
I'd prefer to select what the user can see.
CLUSTER 350
Is there a feature of Xero that adds revision numbers to quotes?For example, I send out quote QN-1980.
Is it possible to remove / hide the Money Coming In & Money Coming Out graphs from the Dashboard if we don't use invoices?
)I'm wondering if anyone else has come across this problem and has sorted it out?Thanks in advance for your input.Matt
CLUSTER 355
Hi.Is it possible to manually add more fields to the Contact Information?Thank you,
Should it be under Purchases > New Bill and then change the account to payroll?Thanks in advance
Do I need to select "Payables" account while creating vendor account in Xero?
I have entered the bill and receipted the cash deposit however I am stuck as to how to do the rest.
Otherwise how would I ideally book this business case?Thank you in advanceMaurice
Would you use minor adjustment, bank fee, or something else?
Is that the sensible way of using xero (and it's links to Active Campaign too)2.
Or Xero just add "Period" to the system, then you can really help Accountants.CheersNeil
How to I handle the balance for PayPal Credit since I can't add that account to Xero?
All good, except I need to ensure I am also passing those costs on to my client.
To me it's common sense that it should be possible, but can Xero actually do transactions like this?Thanks :)
What we found going through the transactions was sometimes transactions were reported on the day after in Xero.
If so how do I record the invoice from my supplier for the first quarter payment and then for future months after?
For accountants surely it would be much more helpful if the default was Tax Inclusive.
Hello,I was just wondering how I enter business expenses / purchases made eg.
Hi all,I've just paid my corporation tax for 2014/15 and now I need to reconcile this.
How should I apply future payments to this credit card to pay this off?Thank you in advance!
Please let me know if you need more info to help answer my question.
Sorry if this is basic accounting 101 - but we are newbies trying to plug a gap!
So what am I doing wrong that means all I can show in Xero is the Tax Code and its Tax Total?
The clients actual quarterly tax installments are only $20,000 a quarter.
Is there a way I can do it without upgrading my Xero subscription to enable multiple currencies?
Can someone advise please how to add the Mark as Reconciled button?Hanys
How do I record the &#163;75 money off voucher from O2 that I had or do I even need to?
Hi -How do I run Balance Sheets that are not ending on calendar months i.e.
We sell inventory item "PART A" which includes components X, Y & Z.
My GST filing is 2 monthly, 1st Oct to 30th Nov.
We are having trouble importing our existing bills, invoices and such from the old service into Xero.
Hi There,I need factor in 'spoilt stock' in to my clients P&L.
I am a sole proprietor so that should make it a bit easier but I do have some people I have paid over 500.
Depreciation is run monthly but is Can I change the calculate method to be And how can I change that?thankyou
Is there a way to send an invoice that provides two payment amount options.
Please can you recommend the best way to handle ACC payments in Xero.
Or do I need to manually enter them into Xero and then use DEAR after conversion date.
How do I input this invoice in Xero so that the correct input VAT amount will be accounted for?
I get charged each month but the amount differs depending on how much I have sold.
I believe either way the gross service fees are recorded as revenue3.
should I pay this collaborator as a independent contractor or is there a better way to code it in Xero?
I have searched Help and the forum and can't find how to locate these codes.Appreciate your assistance.
Do I need to raise a sales invoice for each transfer despite it not being a sale?ThanksKerry
Once client make the payment how can i update the invoice status as "paid" through coding.
I added this as a fixed asset and can work out how to do the depreciation etc quite easily.
Is there a way to export and import transactions from an account to another, or a simpler way?
Hi Guys,I'm wondering if there is any way to run a 'Payment Due' Report.
How do I reverse or edit the sale of a fixed asset journal that has already been posted?
Hiis anyone aware if there is a way to enter a pre-conversion journal?
All our credit card processing and subscription management is handled by a reseller company.
Is there a way to break down the components of the payments or even display the method of payment?
This is a 'procurement-to-payment' app that not only streamlines existing work processes; it enhances them too.
Hello!Is there a way to convert a QuickBooks Online file directly to Xero?
I receive an annual invoice, which I pay off via monthly Direct Debit.
They should not - I will not be able to reclaim this VAT since I will never be registered for the period.How do I avoid this?
Can the batch payment report please list the payments in the order they are in the batch?
Just like any other money owing as this would help with bill payment planning.
As a novice, I cannot work out how to change the account to which the sum is placed (i.e.
How can I make sure that on future invoices, the insurance company will not double charge me?
Anyone out there have a solution on how I can export this information into Excel and present my staff with a report.
How do I enter this new bill or modify the old one so that everything is accurate?
How would you go about invoicing this and would you use any of the other Xero tools.2.
My bank reconciliations are out because the previous bookkeeper deleted these lines in the bank rec.
For example:Our product is €29 inclusive in IRELAND - VAT rate is 23%.
Our bookkeepers can provide basic Xero training so you can take on some of the bookkeeping load.
I know it may be difficult to understand but it is a hard process to explainThanks in advanceBen
PO Cancellations - why would I just delete the order, can't I send a cancellation email?
Is there something else I need to activate before I can set up and print cheques?Thanks!
Does Xero have any case studies that helped small businesses increase their profitability?
Make sure if you hire a consultant you can delete their ID from your XERO at ANY time.
Wondering if there's any easy way to add the PayPal fee to the customer on their invoice.
All 3 feeds are reconciled according to the month they hit each respective account.
By selecting pay the balance you are also paying invoices not yet due.
Could we get an option to sort or search invoices and quotes by user?
Journal report is purely text format in Web, not a linkable text.
My question is, how do I produce an invoice where it splits out the multiple rates under the one task.
Often this is for an invoice that has been queried last month, is in dispute or received late.
Sometimes there are dozens of purchases a month, which is inefficient and impractical for some of the busier clients I have.
But this is a problem when going from a high-denomination currency to a low-denomination one.
This would then enable us to restrict dates etc once the accounts are being worked on.
Reason being that account holders should be signing off the reconciliation 2 days after completion.
It would be great to see the employee numbers on the Payroll > Employee page.
With less than 18 months to go, we need to start advising our clients.
Hi, is there any way that all notes can be visable when you go into a bill or invoice all the time?
Both are really useful, but could you rename one of them to make it clear which is which?Thanks
If I click on each payment I can then see each employee, the pay period and the amount paid.
Is it possible to increase the number of characters when entering in the bank account name.
What field to default from should be bank feed specific - hence a new setting.
Seems like we need to save after every single page of changes.
When bills are entered, saved and submitted for approval they do not hit the GL until they are 'approved'.
Seems to me that it should be a clickable link to save time in finding the bill for that expense.
This means that no country or territory officially uses UTC as a local time.
I get my Bartercard feed once a month but there is no option to set up a feed for BBX.
It is easy to forget this and it results in quotes going out without GST added.
Furthermore, the exit button should be visually very different from the delete attachment button.
Can the detailed transaction report please show the code and the transaction amount
Can you add 'Month plus one' to the place holders features please.
Invoice reminders should have an option to send even if you haven't sent the original from xero.
When will page numbers be printed on any of the reports generated from the new reports section?
At the moment it is not possible to see which expenses submitted by staff have been allocated to customers.
Then we could easily select the invoices we are paying instead of having to click through and filter ourselves.
Or see all payments or invoices together rather than mixed up with other account activity?
Please have the system challenge if you are sure that you wish to send a DRAFT invoice.
Basically I need to setup separate creditors for each supplier for each grant that is issued.
Xero workpapers: Is xero considering adding specialised workpapers for Superfunds?
The choice of colour or identification of that special customer should be left to the manager of the business.
This for example would avoid the embarrassment of not entering a negotiated discount for a customer.
Good day is there a way to limit a financial period that a customer can view.
This has resulted in our financial statements not adding up, as the cents are removed rather than being rounded.
Hi, On the management report it would be nice to have more flexibility with the way it is laid out.
Can you create a shortcut in the Reports section that brings up the Invoice Report please?
This has the added advantage of clearly reporting that there are additional bank accounts in the organisation.
Actual invoiced sales are purely those with the status Paid or Awaiting Payment.
Hi,Is it possible to have an accumulated balance column in customer statement - outstanding?
When processing lots of things in batch the beauty of Xero is the level of automation.
But we have hundreds of outstanding invoices at any point in time resulting in many pages.
Anyone figured out how to do this without just downloading from multiple sources within Xero?
You could set up rules which would allocate each to a certain account if needed.
Unsure why we cannot already do this but one of my employees voided an invoice in error.
We should be able to lock out thresholds for rong passwords and PINS (Xero Touch).
Xero prides itself on removing data entry, but then it forces you to reach for the mouse.
Xero will not allow an ending date to be entered that is before the next invoice date.
There should be a way on the sales screen to filter by creator on invoices , drafts etc.
The new reports available are great - when will they be available to add into the report packs?
I do not need them to see all contacts on contact list or full inventory list
This makes it an unusable system for anyone that has to update tax rate percentages.
Category Options Should be Importable, So we can batch add options in the tracking categories.
Hi there, We have a client who is getting distressed by transactions being memorised in Xero i.e.
When viewing a customer's invoices, the report should should include a column for "Reference Text".
Most companies start payroll on January 1, so fast action is essential.
Normally a financial report shows a business's ABN - this option is not available.
5% (example) of invoice totalThis is how real world business work.
and be able to see at a glance where things are at, and which clients might need to be followed up.
I mean whats the point of approving invoices if you can send out the draft's anyway?
This means that the only phone number I can put on an invoice is the main contact number.
I would like the ability to add additional currencies that are not on the standard list.
If you are a user of Xero and JobAdder, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
I quickly discovered that that Xero's import CSV system is *really* picky.
Being the bookkeeper for a couple of these clients it would also make my life easier too.
Sometimes (depending on how I name them) expense codes can appear in-between sales codes.
We really should have information on setting up an SPF record as you are sending out email from our domain
a journal entry that is to be repeated every month over a period of 2 years).
This is what I'd like to be able to do:Send reminder (5) days before invoice is due.
The report should subtotal by Centre so we can see the total liability for each Centre.2.
Is there a printable form to provide employees to collect their direct deposit information?
Preferably, payslips should be sent password protected too, another feature to consider.
How do I set up a tool allowance paid out as a rate per hour worked.
Is it possible to change the default leave settings so it records in days and not hours?
You are able to run a report a report and select the fields you want to report on.
Are you able to at least double the size of the text we are able to currently use?
Hi, I would like to know when xero will fix the superannuation for under 18's.
Xero is not accepting the bank account number as stating that it is in the incorrect format.
If there was a feature available that can allow to auto allocate credit to multiple invoices.
Problem is, there's no data feed to get this figure (or related transactions) into Xero.
Please consider adding partial payment option - it is essential to our business
We are finding that occasionally a Quote is marked as invoiced, but there is no associated invoice number.
Hi,I need to add our T&Cs to every invoice as a page 2.
Does anyone know if Xero can handle Triangulation on EC sales lists?
Is this possible?I need each line to have a date column instead of the date just being at the top.
Good Morning,I have an imported bank transaction that is a payment for 10+ invoices.
I would love to see an "Unsent Receipts" feature (perhaps there IS one??)
how can I put "october" automatically in the description and then following month it be automatically "november" and so on.
Is there an option of entering a gst inclusive amount and Xero working out the gst on that?
Receiving a canned response every few days is an unacceptable level of support.
TLDR is that sometimes i have to enter the credit note way after the invoice is paid.
However the 2 transactions on the bank feed remain, and I don’t know how to reconcile them.
However the 2 transactions on the bank feed remain, and I don’t know how to reconcile them.
It would be very useful if we could attach documents to a contacts details page.
It is an account for an event which we have sent invoices to request a float from various customers.
I am trying to find out if there is a report that I can use to help me make my personal lodgement.
Hi all,We are new to Xero...I am in the middle of converting to tracked inventory in Xero.
How can I lodge a TPAR directly if it does not reflect the actual amount paid to the supplier?
Hi AllHoping someone has an idea on how to manage the following scenario in Xero.
All results just show the total in GBP (or base currency) is there a way to change this?
I need to add additional grouping to my income statement but cant find how to do that.
Is there a way to show either the budget figures for the month or the Actual to date.
I know in MYOB you can run the P & L to show Nil balances.
Hello we are currently evaluating Xero after having been in Quickbooks for the past 15 years.
The only way I can figure to do this is client by client or revenue line by revenue line.
For the 3rd month in a row my repeating invoices haven't been generated on the specified day.
Does this mean I need to enter those expenses under my credit card account manually?
HelloTwo of my team do not have the "how did you pay' option when entering receipts on the Xero app.
How do i enter a overpayment in a batch, when client pays invoice twiceThanks Karen
HI,Is there a way to add the amount of GST for an individual line item?
Not sure how Xero deals with this.Assistance would be greatly appreciated.ThanksDarren
HiI'm fairly new to Xero and struggling with something that I'm sure should be easy.
I see no way to receive or spend money from this account; it is a Current Asset.
I have been importing my receipt via receipt bank and realised I should have been filling in the descriptions.
?Hello there,Unfortunately a message you sent could not be delivered to one or more recipients.
Has anyone had success with setting up batch payments to vendors with Bank of America.
Hi, is there a way to bulk void expense claims without having to do them individually?
So my question is how can I manage my personal transaction for the business so that they add to the expenses of the company?
According to the ATO, invoices over $1000 must show the buyer's ABN.
Neither is bank feeds since transaction level is relatively low.
Hello,I'm a health professional who is currently moving to Xero for managing my accounts.
HiHow can I reduce the number of options appearing on the account list on the app?
Alternatively would putting Ebay as the customer for all transactions be a valid solution?
I set up a trial account using an email address I later changed.
Hi,Is it possible to import a repeating invoice template?Thanks,Carlo
It could be one or two or it could be two dozen, depending on your client.
Is there a way to group the bank lines to reconcile against the batch transactions?Thank you
Every transaction associated with their launch party is tagged with a Reference of "launch."
How do I configure my Annual Report to have the correct Notes and Information for a "Look Through Company"?
I need to report on payments received for a particular inventory item each month.
I am wanting the filed VAT return to agree to the liability on the balance sheet.
However, is there a clever work around whilst this important enhancement is being considered.
The help implies that you can create a quote that a customer can accept/reject online.
It won't recognise the transaction amount therefore how am I meant to use this system affectively?
I need to therefore reconcile £500 to #3052 and £9,500 to #3050 for both of these.
I understand that only the one who added the feed can refresh it - how can I be that person instead of my accountant?
For example, a provider who does not charge GST,  all their invoices should appear in the list in the same shade.
The ability to show the tax amount and tax type of the transactions being reported on.
"Given that I don't have any conversion balances, it sounds like it wouldn't really have any impact at all - right?
Then how do I reconcile the bulk fee received each month against inndividual invoices (paid or not).
I have several thousand to remove!Has anyone else experienced this and have a solution?ThanksSam
What is the maximum amount of inventory items that we can store in Xero, without an add-on?
Hi,Can we please get an Aged Receivable / Payables Detail Report?
Also how can I adjust the invoice so I have less dead space at the top of the page.
On the 'statement import options' page, all of the required assignments are made correctly.
Where has this payment gone, and how can I reinstate it so I can allocate it against the correct invoices?Thanks for your timeClaire
I would like my money refunded for the last payment taken from my CC
Feeling a bit miffed :-(C'mon Xero - this is easy stuff.
Is Xero able to set up a superfund for her through my chosen default superannuation institution?
In the meantime, any guidance on how other firms are producing the reports to clients would be appreciated.
How can I determine if the payment summaries are published?What is the effect of publishing them again?Thanks for this Mike
Hey guys,Is there a way to view all activity that's happened in a single account?
How to do similar invoicing where the client then makes out the full payment directly to the underwriters.
So now I need to create a proper journal entries for wages and I am not sure how to do it correctly.
So I need to create no work payruns for Dec - Feb to bring this up to date.
The leave will then automatically show on their timesheet before they enter the rest of the timesheet details.
They are not the same employees every week just one or two different names each week.
Can't work out why it is showing as a lump sum payment in the payment summary, and/or how to rectify this.
Was hoping that the payments could be made through the Xero interfaceAny help is appreciatedRachel
However their wages should be tracked to a job and I can't find a way to do it under Payroll Settings
Is there a way to submit timesheets via Xero's mobile phone app?
Hello, I just would like to know how could I delete a pay calendar?
Do I need a more upmarket payroll programme compatible with Xero to fix my problem?
Are there settings to eliminate this line so that I can still process pays?Much appreciated!
Hi everyone,A client pointed out something I hadn't considered before and I was wondering if there was any solution.
I think there should be a way to nominate how many hours they work on each given day.
What is the best way to pay  fringe benefits (non-profit, religious)?
I couldn't see any immediate reason for this given they earn below $180k per year.
Don't want to have to try to remember to do it manually every pay.Can anyone help ?
How do I add reportable employer superannuation contributions to the payment summaries of employees.
HI,Does anyone know how to apply a  super salary sacrifice in Xero?
Trying to set up payroll and am getting this message:"Additional Allowances is required.
Is there a way to place custom unit pay on the Employee time sheet?
"And can't revert it:"You can only revert the latest pay run for each payroll schedule to draft.
We thought that the opening balances would be zero as this was for new tax year.
My question is where within Xero can I find out how much I need to pay each quarter?
And your help pages for payroll are way below the standard of the rest of your help site.
We have a front office system that employees are recorded on along with their rates of pay.
Monthly pay is GBP2333.33, voucher is GBP243 per month.
The BIK value should be taken into account when ascertaining if he fulfils the eligibility criterion.
Does anyone know what this means when I do my RTI and it declines it from the government and how to correct itHelen
It would be easier if I could allocate a wages expense account to each employee.
Take home pay is correct but superannuation is coming with double amount.
Hi there,All our staff are contractors, not employees but we've been inadvertantly accruing Holiday Pay.
How do I go about setting the accrued Holiday Pay back to zero as they are not entitled to this.
HiI need to add in annual leave taken in December 2015.
If you are a user of Xero and Datapay, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Is there a way to easily find the Gross Earnings for that month within Xero?
They are simple and effective, and reflect how people manage their payroll - in real life.
We need to pay April 15 salary on 05/05/15.
I'm amazed that a company as awesome as Xero would roll out such an unfinished product.
As such I have to account for this "benefit allowance" - how would I do this under the new payroll package in xero?
If you are a user of Xero and Lulalend, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and CaFE, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Liberis, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and intelligentpos, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Administrate, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Connex, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Rezdy, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Accept cards today using your iPhone, iPad or Android device.
Any tips?NAB QuickBiz Loan is an unsecured business loan – up to $50K.
If you are a user of Xero and Ubookr, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Jet Convert, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Figured, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
OfficeR&D is fully automated management platform for coworking and shared workspaces.
If you are a user of Xero and Hotelogix, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Payspace, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and eShares, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Rotessa, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Online business valuation for small business owners and accountants.
If you are a user of Xero and TSheets, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Timelio, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and AppsForOps, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and CartonCloud, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and CloudDash, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and PandaDoc, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and InvoiceNow, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and MyWorkpapers, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Preno is an elegant property management system for all sorts of lodgings.
If you are a user of Xero and Waddle, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Revolving line of credit based on your outstanding receivables balance.
If you are a user of Xero and FoodStorm, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Checkmybooks, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and DataQlick, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Prospa, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Razor, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and AutoEntry, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Connex, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Arthur, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Handshake, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and CustomerLobby, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Visible, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Trippeo, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Fuseboard, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Zenoti, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Saasabi, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Shopify, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Moula, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Trustworks, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Freshdesk, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero  and Class, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Xploite, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Plooto, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Expandly, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Mentio, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Automatic, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and MechanicDesk, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and QikBizCRM, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?A cloud based property management & trust accounting application.
If you are a user of Xero and Collabspot, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Zeald, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Intellibook, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SyncApps, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Datamolino, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Ento, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Re-View, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Timecamp, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Ezidebit, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and CaseFox, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Everhour, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Scan2Invoice, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and JobReady, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Financiery, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Chrometa, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Clio, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Debtograph, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Cliniko is a complete practice management system for healthcare practitioners.
If you are a user of Xero and Entryless, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Xtracta, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Import your ecwid orders, customers and inventory seamlessly into Xero.
Any tips?Import your BigCommerce orders, customers and inventory seamlessly into Xero.
Any tips?Import your BigCommerce orders, customers and inventory seamlessly into Xero.
If you are a user of Xero and TidyWork, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and PayPal, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Save hours in administration with our Magento-Xero integration options.
If you are a user of Xero and QuoteRoller, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Socket, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Timely, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and track1099, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Online inventory and order management software for smart businesses.
Any tips?Multichannel e-commerce and fulfilment for retailers and online sellers.
If you are a user of Xero and ActionStep, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ADP, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Fully customised online stores to suit each customer’s need.
Any tips?A simple online CRM used by thousands of businesses worldwide.
If you are a user of Xero and Checkfront, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Cin7, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Cin7, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ePayroll, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Intuitive job management software designed for tradesmen by tradesmen.
Any tips?Wish you could make Google Docs and Xero talk to each other?
If you are a user of Xero and inForm, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Jet Convert, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Jobsheet, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Keebo, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and KeyPay, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and OneSaas, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Payescape, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SurePayroll, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any business that manages time, equipment, staff & resources can benefit from Tymwise.
If you are a user of Xero and WORKetc, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?All-in-one business management including CRM, Projects, Billing & more.
If you are a user of Xero and WorkflowMax, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Zapier, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
I am mainly concerned with how long it would take to setup the consolidation part.
Anyone out there using Xero as their accounting system for a Water Supply Company?
If the expense is a bill that needs to be paid (and recorded in Xero) in the meantime, how should that be entered?
Looking for some feedback on the Receipt Bank integration ... can the following occur?1.
I am sure I am missing something here, so apologies if it is an obvious fix.Regards,Grant
We do not have an accurate overview of our current business position and manually entering is out of the question.
The process for the old service should stay the same and the process for the new service should be:1.
My question is, do I enter in inventory into Square and then expect it to import automatically to Xero?
I would have thought that this is quite a common set that most merchandising industries use.
Is there an add-on that will also automatically backup the documents attached to transactions in Xero?
Has anyone come across an add-on for taking care of intercompany journals?
How did you ensure stock items sold via Vend were updated in Xero?
This is our second month to sync client bills created in CLIO with XERO.
or is there a stripe setting?want to make sure before i commit using Xerothanks
US state sales tax compliance is confusing and time consuming.
However, i then need to generate reports by delivery date, brewery, beer, and more.
We are entering American orders on Stitch in GBP as Stitch is not dual currency.
Can anyone recommend an appropriate inventory system?Many thanks,Silvana
Everything should be in it's own area.SUB JOBSSomething to think about that no other system I know of offers.
Is it correct to say I will need to create a .csv file and bring them in periodically?
If you add an inventory item you can select "I purchase this item" and/or "I sell this item".
I am experiencing a loss of functionality when using Xero in Google Chrome on a Mac.
I think this is an amazing feature for Xero to offer and maybe should be publicized a little more!
FYI - Pastel accounting / sage one is a good one to copy off.
Export error: OwnerId is not a valid long integerCan you help please?
Why does the privacy policy say I should disclose contact information that I put on this site.
(Of course if you are encrypting data with keys that you yourself control than the data are functionally unencrypted.
THEN XERO NEED TO GIVE CUSTOMERS A WAY TO MATCH THOSE FIELDS THAT SHOULD CORRESPOND !
Hi you have been spammer a lot lately maybe you should consider captha when posting.
Tab order is still really important - especially to accounting professionals.
Xero's customer service policy is strange - no phone number on their website?
The dates on the release update for the weekend on 22nd March are incorrectly published as below.
How do make it "look like $2000" so you can reconcile your checks against your deposit.3.
HSBC (UK) is a multi-national one-stop-financial-shop.
CLUSTER 361
How should this be processed on Xero.
How do I process this in Xero
CLUSTER 363
I am a sole trader
We are a UK company.
Hi,I am after some advice.
Which service should I integrate?
How do I convince Xero of this?
Or is it gone forever?
The numbers are in the system.
I am a sole trader.
Any functionality issues?
However, this is not working.
Is that possible?CheersTania
no spaces or hyphens.
However, I am wondering if this is what I should be doing?
So how does that work?Basically...
CLUSTER 366
I can set the account up as a non-current liability so it appears correct on the balance sheet.If I then transfer the £100000 advance to my business current account to, the loan account then only shows a liability of £10100 on the balance sheet.
I'd like to suggest that Xero add in a 'Dividend Calculator', much like FreeAgent, which has the ability to calculate the estimate tax liability for shareholders based on declared/paid dividends in the current accounting year.
It would be great if during bank reconciliation I could select a bank rule as a one off option.For example, I take my team out for Friday afternoon drinks to bar 'X' each Friday.
Hi,we would like to run an aged receivables report with an option to select a certain customer group.i could not upload a screen shot, so if you have any further questions please let me knowcould this be added.
CLUSTER 377
When invoicing, there is no limit to how many characters that can be inputting, however once this information is transferred onto the actual invoice there is a restriction, no matter how I attempt to work around it!
This is long since processed.Meanwhile the amount was correctly reconciled via the bill.Is there any way of removing an individual receipt from a processed claim?
CLUSTER 381
If you are a user of Xero and Nobly, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and AirPOS, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and NZForex, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Promis, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SimpleNumbers, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ZoomShift, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and B2BGateway, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and BUZ, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and FieldAware, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Cushion, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SmartTax, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Ninjodo, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ZeroTime, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Farmflo, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and MailSync, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Neatly, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and DataDear, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Temponia, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and LEAP, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and IODM, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and LedgerBackup, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Qvinci, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Squarespace, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and PaysOnline, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SquirrelStreet, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Streamtime, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and 24SevenOffice, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and EService, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Ledgerscope, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 384
We can now use the multiple currency in XERO.
How do I depreciate or amortise those costs?Thanks.
The payments from my clients to myself and from myself to the contractors are all in Xero.
Is there a way to make it work?Joy
Tax is 18% for importing goods.
Should I give them all access to xero so they can do their expenses?
Once a month calculation is no big job.
Alternatively the documents can be attached from the library.
I can't find any way to do this in Xero which is prohibitive to me.
Hi,We have situations where all our employees are off at once i.e.
Is there an option to allow this again or is it gone?Chris
Seems like an essential figure, no?
Just wondering if someone (possibly an accountant?)
We are a retail business with varying rates.
It doesn't seem to be an option.Can anyone confirm?
I can't access any of the base earning items.
Hi -I am currently evaluating Xero.
Any tips?BUZ is a complete system!
Any tips?Paperwork on auto-pilot.
Integration with Xero is seamless and easy.
Are there any recommendations that I can have from someone who is in a similar situation.
This app is directly integrated with zero.
It is this feature that I do not recommend Xero to my clients.
CLUSTER 390
How do I reconcile the refund?
This is a government requirement.
Is the Budget the way to do it?
This is very time-consuming.
Is that preferred, even?
Do I need to try again?
How do I process the refund?
This is from 30th September.
Which is very frustrating during reconciliation.
Why are the signs flipped?!
or is there a process I need to do.
Make an impact.
CLUSTER 395
How do I set up a monthly invoice?
What should I code this to to reflect this?Thanks!
Is there a way to change this setting?
Is there a way to do this with invoicing in Xero?
Should I be creating Invoices or Bills?
I am not to clear about which way I should set this up.
HiI created an invoice.
How do I mark bills as paid?
I am using American Express.
That information is not accepted into that column.
It is adding hours to my work.
This should be available on the approval screen.
This is common  practise with pharmacist.
Disclaimer: An accountant I am definitely not!!
Youll need to log in again"
But how do I mark as paid historical?
What option we should choose - add-on / other?
So, we need to pay this bill again.
All I see is a "mark as billed".
So we are part way through our FY.
Her pay is different each week.
How do we then input an ACN/ABN?
We have an employee who is now on Maternity Leave.
Our payroll calendar is weekly.
It is not showing as declined or accepted.
Use any merchant account.
Can I set this in Expensify in any way?
Use any merchant account.
All we want is your feedback afterwards.
CLUSTER 398
Is it indeed not working or am I doing anything wrong?
How do I then account for the use tax liability?
So how should I enter and reconcile this information in Xero?
How do you I correctly enter this purchase transaction?
What should this be coded to, to reconcile the account?Thanks
and how do I reconcile these entries from my paypal account.
How do I pay an invoice through a bank transfer?
How should I enter this information when reconciling the purchase?
Is there a way to change the account type?
How can I account for this now closed account in Xero?
When I reconcile the payment what account do I put it on.
How do I balance a bank account against a statement?
And in any case, what account code should this be under?Thanks
How can I make the 'Balance in Xero match up again?
How do I account for this as income for tax purposes.
I'm just wondering how I should allocate those transactions when reconciling.
How can I account for this transaction in Xero please?
It should have more linkage to Journal report.3.
I can sometimes post up several to the same account.
It should allow to export the transaction list.
This cannot be added after payment is applied.
Wait, there is no report that shows notes!!!!
Is there a way for me to reconcile the transaction with the overpayment?
However - how do I record the transactions in Xero?
Is this report a work in progress or is this just how it is going to be?
How do I see the last few transactions that were entered?
debit,point of sale or transfer).
Is this simple function available with xero?
How do you record inclement weather in payroll.
There's some more information in our help sectionApologies for any inconvenience.
CLUSTER 404
How should I enter that in Xero?
so how would I enter these in?
How do I add categories?
How is PAYG calculated?
How do you terminate this nightmare?
XERO is doing shit!
CLUSTER 419
However, we are on proforma invoicing with some of our suppliers.
).Why does Xero do this and is there anyway to stop all this from happening?
Anyone ever encountered this scenario before?
This could be done through an @mention function.
Is it likely that this will be automated any time soon?
Did I net positive or negative this month?
I can only do monthly, quarterly or annual filings.
How do I set the due date in this situation?
so how Xero calculate the hour of the leave?
or can I only reimburse when she is receiving pay as well.
"How many days in your payroll year?"
How do I go about doing all of this please?Kind regardsSam
Any tips?Find out how risky your debtors are.
Any automation in creation of POs will be useful.
Hi,I’m an Amazon & Ebay seller.
There is no other way to describe this but stupid.2.
Yes my adobe reader is up to date.
CLUSTER 421
I am a new user of Xero.
Can someone tell me how I should be using it?
I am a new Xero user.
?As far as I can tell all is set up.
Is there any benefit to using both with Xero?
Has anybody had any good experiences?
I can't get any support from Xero.
CLUSTER 424
?Suggestions would be greatly appreciated :)CheersIan
Currently email is set for 9 placeholders.
Anyone else having issue login to Xero???????????
Can I please remove the journal function?Jessica
CLUSTER 430
), and then record invoice payments against that clearing account.Any ideas?
Has anyone used HireFox or anything else suitable?
At a minimum I expect to know what is going on with my support request.
CLUSTER 460
How do I amend the invoice VAT total in Xero?ThanksKerry
Is there a way to condense multiple separate draft invoices?
CLUSTER 477
So, they are part of the business, (e.g.
Is there anything else I have forgotten or overlooked?
If you are interested I can send you a PDF of the instructions.
I'm hoping this covers it all or is there anything else I should be doing?
How can i start fresh on August 1st?
send it to client and forget about it.....Is it possible?
If you are using SKUs, that is what is available for you to choose.
Can there be a way to view budgets on the app.
Is it possible to rename our PDFs or just have 'statement'?
I thought it should sync up until present day?
Is this something I am not doing correctly in order for this to save??
Is there anything I should do differently?Thanks,Prathap
Unless I am missing a step which is more than possible.
If i switch to Firefox the documents can be viewed.
Is this simply broken, or am I missing something?
0212423200 Viv d'Or would be most grateful.
Why is there no 2 factor authentication option3.
CLUSTER 486
Please add simple checkbox functionality next to each claim together with a 'select all' button so users can quickly authorise expense claims.
Has something changed in the way that Xero calculates months?Is it possible to have a feature that allows us to select options such as:1.
CLUSTER 487
A footer that I can enter 'The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.
I've just noticed an issue with the leave not accruing correctly for those employees who work on the weekends.
CLUSTER 488
All good.How do I create and track my business credit cards?Account type?
Does anyone know how to process a manual adjustment to auto superannuation process.
How do we set-up Payroll to deduct the amount advanced from the employee's payroll check?
Any tips?Distributors & manufacturers can now easily collect, process & fulfill orders.
CLUSTER 489
can't find the option anywhere.
Hi all,I am really stuck here.
What do you guys think I should choose?
Should I have changed it in settings or wait?
I don't understand why it hasn't been submitted or why it hasn't failed by now.
so how do i balance up the payment?thanks.
I can't see anything in the dashboard.
Can this be aligned to the decimal point.
This is an ongoing and regular issue for me.
This is simply too many clicks.
Is this software down twice a day?
So my question is, do I really need to do this?
I am using Google Chrome.
It is really beginning to do my head in.
How do I correct A's opening balances?
All hosting is included in these prices.
The location of some of the buttons are illogical.
CLUSTER 491
I can see the figure on the statement.
Or should it be put in the advertising account?
I can create the cash account.
How do I add an account for Cash only.
How do I record this transaction:1.
This is money held on behalf.
How do I reconcile part payments?
This is a really critical error, and .
Payment is rendered immediately.
any other suggestions?Here is what i'm currently doing:1.
A backup option is smarter.
HiXero is truly fabulous.
How i can do this?Is there other way to record in xero?
How can I record the 'payment received'?
I have a customer that is also a supplier.
We have a supplier who is also a customer.
There is also Start Date.
Or at least made consistent?
CLUSTER 498
On the transaction summary there are two types of transactions for square showing up.
Does anyone currently use a software packages which is compatible with Xero?
I'd like to know what's coming up and how I can then incorporate that in to the service I offer my clients!
CLUSTER 499
Any suggestions and tips on how do I deal with that in Xero would be very much appreciated?Many thanksJohn
If not approved for payment a credit note will be issued or some other such arrangement which will be entered at a later date.
However currently we are not specifying a description in the bank rule then the transaction will be coded with no description.
How can we close a VAT period on Xero to prevent the value submitted to HMRC changing?
Hi,I need to reimburse an employee for using their private car for work travel.
CLUSTER 500
Any advice would be helpful.
Was wondering where I should put the information.
Would that be an acceptable technique?
Should I set up the Director himself as a contact?
How do I set this up within Xero?
Or, should I be doing something completely different?
Any advice would be helpful.
I am paying Xero enough.
do I need to attend any training ?
At least then there would be an invoice?
How long does this 'processing' take?
My question is, how do I go about it on Xero?
Any help would be great.
Any suggestions would be great.
!Any advice would be great.
What you guys think, is there something that ?
CLUSTER 502
Should I be putting the deposit in this Asset Prepayment account?
with the virtual accounting in Xero, so that it is most efficient and fluent?
How do I show I am missing the invoice and that I shouldn't claim VAT on it?
And I know this should be simple but I cant seem to work it out.
CLUSTER 506
How do other users calculate and report Unused Annual Leave on Termination, and other termination payments?
If you are a user of Xero and OneSaas for Freshbooks, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Simplepay.ie, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Automatic logs your driving mileage and trip routes accurately and effortlessly.
If you are a user of Xero and ZUUS Workforce, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 509
how do i make an entry for the refund that i received?
This is mainly to share files with contractors.
What we're trying to figure out is how to reconcile expenses.
This is quite a key element to our process .........
I can not allocate these as I do a batch payment, this is a pain
Is there a way to, or do I need to upload their invoices?
Also, is there any support I can contact by phone?
Phone support is completely necessary.
And is there a way to override this duplicate flagging?
It doesn't report any errors but transactions aren't coming through.
that I receive by email or scan in from paper.
How do you account for public holidays in Xero.
I need to generate 1099s for my contractors.
Should I go back and try to resubmit?
How do I process his first and last pay?
Be great to hear from others on what their process is.
CLUSTER 513
Is this something that is as simple as this to do, ie Drawings out and then later Funds Introduced in.
Unfortunately there is no way for the "reports" function to allow me to drill down this information.
Any tips?Document management designed specifically with Xero in mind.
Not sure if I am doing something wrong or if it is a Xero or a a RB issue?Thanks
CLUSTER 514
Any idea what's wrong?
Or is that a bad idea?
Any idea what i am doing wrong?
CLUSTER 526
Is this wise, and how would I go about it?
Help center is very overwhelming.
If so, how do I do this?Help is much appreciated here.
There is a useful Xero guide here.
I need to get a grip!
I would appreciate any help.
For the life of me, I cannot figure out how to do this.
Is it really too much to ask?
But that is just this supplier, which is a complicated one.
I am hoping someone can help.
This seems like an error.
I know how overwhelming it can get because I have been there.
Is there site maintenance currently on?
Your recommendation is much appreciated.
This is a function I use a lot.
CLUSTER 533
Would I enter these as bills or payroll?
Is there a quicker way to double check?
Is there a way to avoid "double" entry?
How would you best enter them in Xero?
This report should include check numbers.
We need to run this report monthly.
This is to pickup employees not paid out leave.
Which report should I choose from the Reports Menu?
Or an alternative way of processing deposits.
How do I correctly enter the combined amounts?
If not how do I enter the Payroll details for each employee?
Is there a way that I can track each employees holidays.
How are you utilizing to the reporting to integrate with Xero?
Silence is not a service what I want to pay for.
CLUSTER 534
Even better if Xero could recognise it was loaded and automatically show as an attachment when reconciliations are done to this contact.ThanksShellee
I am proposing the idea that the oldest date of a bank being reconciled to appears on the subscriber’s home screen under each Xero file.
Can you please bring back the ability to sort leave by date, leave type etc on the employee leave tab.
However, yesterday it came to light that they can now see everyone's expenses.Not only that, I see from the role  that they can also Approve and Pay their own and other's expenses.....
Batch receipting of accounts receivable invoices would also be required.Does anyone have a better way?Thanks and regards
reconciling the $600 amount paid from the business bank account with the net amount of $450 that they should have been paid.2.
I understand that GuestPoint has a function where it will export a Xero compatible file for the daily takings, is there an add on that will then import this file into Xero ?
We have been creating add-ons for a number for years and are planning in launching our new “Cash Collection “ add-on at the end of September.
CLUSTER 535
Grateful anyone's help!CheersKevin
Anyone had similar poor experiences or is it just me?
CLUSTER 538
Do I need to pay myself PAYE now?
I need to file this today ....................
This is where I become stumped though.
as is present immediately after filing).
There should be an explanation of what caused the error.
I'm sure this is simple but i'm stuck.
I am talking about me paying others.
However, we are still having these issues.
Unfortunately the new "Are you still there?"
All I see is a blank page.
You can see this in the web site.
How do I change his payroll status?
And once I do, can I process the same pay run again?
Hi ,I am from Prout partners.
CLUSTER 543
Does anyone know if there is a quick way to do this so we can get the VAT returns correct in Xero?
I was wondering if there are any Xero UK users who have successfully integrated Big Commerce with Xero?
CLUSTER 547
Hello,I just wanted someone to confirm my understanding on the following, re processing the purchase of a business where the purchase price includes Goodwill.
The reason is that you cannot choose a bank account as target in an invoice, so you can't record the withholding tax along with the received funds.
The ability to choose whether a report says profit/loss or surplus/deficit - we are uncomfortable using "Profit" when we are a not-for-profit.
Is there any way to adjust the back end controlled journals in general?This item is tracked, ideally I just want to delete it and start again.
At the same time we make taxable salary payments to the employees.Using our old system we put this all on the one pay advice.
Any tips?Automatically creates new bank transactions in Xero when new charges and refunds occur in Stripe.
CLUSTER 558
We are a non-profit foundation that is required by law to distribute to registered charities an amount that is determined by calculation each year.
hello there, how can I add a conversion balance for the customers without entering any kind of invoice date or number as required?
We would often lend stock to retailers to trial but we need a way to manage it so we know who has what and when it's due back.
I'm trying to track my inventory and need to create an inventory adjustment account - what kind of account should this be?Thanks in advance :)
Is there a way I can search for all transactions relating to en employees name for the last 12 months?Thanks Ian
They deduction $1000 for a slotting fee and $1000 for damaged packaging so the net of the check is $3000How do I record that in Xero?
I am unsure of which account I should assign to "Debit" the account to make the journal entry complete so I can reconcile our checking account.
Then various options for tax are available and I can opt for any tax then why do we assign any tax rate under edit accounts details?
I am not going to use the whole can of WD40 or the whole box of rags on one unit, those could last me months.
When creating an Invoice, I want to disable the online payment option for some invoices and make it available for others.How can I do that?Cheers :)
Some sales are within Australian and I collect GST, some sales are overseas and I do not charge GST or collect it, however you look at it.
The best I can come up with is to produce an invoice for the sales and then produce a credit note for the items that create the negative banking.
Is there any way I can configure Xero to the full current financial year (Jul-Jun) when producing the P&L.
Is there any way we can use separate sequence for both ?What is the advantage of sharing the same sequence ?Which is the standard way every one follows ?
Memorable word - we think we know what this is.Any assistance would be greatly appreciated so we can determine if its our log in info or some other issue.
I changed/added new income accounts but now I need to change those transactions in which I need to have allocated to those new accounts.
I need to use at least two levels of cost centres in order to track spend against project income.
How do I create my Sales Invoice automatically from orders I received in separate system without manually entering the data?
You paid x in sales and 3. you owe revenue x.Brain is fried.... please can someone help me.
Hi, I would like to change the quantity (and the quantity only) for a repeating sales invoice by importing a CSV file.
Now I want to migrate all those accounts with my new accounting company and I want them to bill me instead of XERO.How I can do that?Regards,Sharad
Hi, i work in health care and i'm having trouble creating a monthly invoice for billed patients i need to be paid for.
What if I need to do both?In other words, I make PO detailing parts required from vendor along with costs for each line item.
Also, by using the credits to our bank account as our sales figures, Xero is assuming that all sales have GST, which is not the case.
Can you please advise how we amend this in Xero?http://www.calculatevat.net/index.phpKind Regards,Paul
- "General travel"  for any tram, bus, rail, taxi expense?Really interested in your suggestionsMany thanksNigel db
Hi everyone, my name is Michael and I am one of the co-founders of Timestamp (http://www.timestamphq.com).
I have heard that Xero the accounting system can integrate with a retail point of sale system.Can anyone provide further guidance on this.
I'm using the field "«TaxInclusiveLineAmount»" to do this, but it displays the amounts with 4 decimal places.How do I change this to 2 decimal places?
What I need, is that when you copy an Invoice it copies everything, not defaults back certain information to whatever Xero has decided it should be.
Currently, inventory items only allow two decimals.I need to track items with four decimal points.
When creating an invoice through the Xero website, individual payments including payment dates are displayed on the invoice as they are applied.
In the name field we would be able to put either the recipients name or a reference for invoices, quotes or statements.
It would be great if  notes with nothing active accounts could be disabled or market to not print, rather than being deleted.
This plugin let's me receive payments on your own website by passing the PRICE and optionally a REFERENCE and ITEM NAME in the url.
It is a way to process ACH-like payments without revealing routing and checking numbers to either parties.
Under the new reporting when you add a column and enter a formula you are only able to include columns in the formula that are to the left of the column.
It's quite a faff to go back to check the date and then change it, surely you need all the outstanding items on the report?
After questioning Xero, we found that we cannot make the Payroll and Expenses simply not show on the Sales Tax report at all.
It would be great if you can add calender feature in the dashboard which I can add time table or calender roaster for our employees.
When assets are disposed or sold, we are required by NZ regulations to reverse the depreciation relating to those assets for the current year.
HiI often need to run a report of Payments made to a group of contacts for a specified date range.
At the minute there is no way to find out what was on the original invoice except by comparing a previously saved report to a current one.
I would really like to be able to Sort or Edit the order of the accounts that appear on My Xero Practice page.
My client's understood this and could bring a certain amount of pressure to their accounts departments to pay certain invoices.
Moreover, it would very useful if we could have feature which allows to assign bill already to existing Sales Invoices.
At the end of every financial year we are currently required to post journals to carry forward into the new year.
Hi,I would like to suggest that it would be nice if we could apply a branding theme to an invoice after it has been approved.
Voided checks should remain visible so that you can remember that a check was written to a vendor with the possibility of being able to make it active again.
Having a graph that shows Sales by month for the current & last year & expenses and profit would be a great start.
When a payment comes in from a customer and you reconcile it, you would need to manually send a message to confirm receipt if you wish to.
Is there an easy way to transfer that info into the employee contacts area so that I can see all there contact info when out and about from my phone app?
I cannot produce reports that are compliant with peer review standards with the current or new report packs at this point.
This is any business's most sacred list that took years to build and a lot of negotiation to obtain these prices..they should be well protected !
With nearly 250 comments on that thread, it’s quite hard to get quantitative information to justify what should be done first.
This would give clients a very quick way of seeing how profitable their business is and the amounts of monies owed and owing.
my bookkeeper might review all transactions once a month and see a full list of areas they need to review and comment on.
It will also make the take on of clients quicker instead of having to change the tax names etc every time.
To remove a few keystrokes from the process how about being able to nominate a default bank account for paying an invoice (or receiving for that matter).
The ideal option would be to select a colour / skin for each company that changes everything from blue to orange for example.---
I would like to see a Trust Distribution report showing how the profit for the year has been distributed to beneficiaries - for a trust.
At $50 per month, this should not be a paid extra feature ($30 via Debtor Daddy), thats just crazy.
Please can we request the ability to manually override the KiwiSaver - KSE, KSR and ESCT calculations in a pay template?
Is there any way like we used to in mYOB payroll to edit the payslip to show what you want - not all the extra stuff it currently does.
Xero requires that I enter 0.5 hours.This is not consistent with Xero accounting that allows .5 to be used.
Create a report as at a certain date showing how old each employee is, where a DOB has been input into the employee card file.
Hi,Can I please get an advise on how to create an ABA file for the final payment to Superannuation Clearing house?
As there are limitations as to what can be accessed via the Xero API and also what functionality 3rd party product offers (i.e.
The Small Business Development Centers are a national program funded by the SBA and by states to assist small businesses.
The problem is how PayPal handles the transfer from my bank to them when the PayPal balance isn't enough to cover the full invoice amount.
I was just wondering if anyone knows if the Expense Claim function in Xero can be accessed by employees directly so that they can then be approved by Management?
See example below.The line that reads:  “From your online bill you can print a PDF….”  has been quoted (there is a bar and change of color).
How do I do that without duplicating the info that the third party is pulling in ( ie sales / transaction fees ).Thanks Iain
All of my customers have their terms set in their contact setup, so the system should 'know' to alter the due date to the set term.
The bank account I want to use is not listed.Is there a way to show all 6 bank accounts in the "pay from" drop down?
Also, how to code if I receive refund from another party for the expenses I made for that party via my business account?
If I just choose to reconcile it and label is as "vendor refund" is it categorized as an asset or as revenue?Any guidance would be very much appreciated.
Can Xero adopt the same ability so that calculations can be done in Xero rather than on a calculator manually and figures entered into Xero?
Is it because I'm working with recurring invoices?Not sure if I'm daft or if this is a pretty significant UX and/or feature oversight.Thanks for your help.
Hi, I am just getting started with Xero and my bank feeds are not up yet - we need to apply with HSBC and then wait to set them up.
When trying to edit invoices and quotes, the "reference number" on the invoice/quote keeps coming up as the invoice number.
Yay.It's not obvious, but you need to go to Settings -> General Settings -> Fixed Assets -> New Asset Type.
And how do I get it back to print normal font?The print options etc are unchanged from the printers end.Cheers
For credit card expenses, I was thinking of just recording the transactions which are business related directly into the right expense accounts.
But due to system changes, this is no longer possible.Is this a limitation of Xero's import function with regards to credit-notes?
I am somewhat confused as to how to fix this problem.I start using Xero at the beginning of this Quarter, 1/4/15.
I have a transaction in my bank statement to reconcile so on the reconcile page I used the "create" function to add the transaction to Xero.
All cruises are pre paid and the invoice is in a way used as the customers confirmation that they want to go ahead with the cruise.
It takes less than 20 seconds to start 0CPAs doing this, 20+ times faster than you can do it, for any combination of accounts and clients.
Is there a way, I can import the sales and purchase orders into Xero that will match with the conversion balance of the opening accounts receivables.
MailChimp syncs with Xero.Customer is added to mailChimp + any segments/groups based on rules I've setup in this integration.
The flip side is that the show date range option can give you a report for any date range within a month.
I know this could be due to a number of factors, however it is alarming from a security perspective and not a good introduction to Xero.
I have closed some bank accounts recently and have changed some others around and do not want to see them inside of my login anymore.
HiI am new to Xero and I am wondering how I should deal with per diems.In a nutshell:An employee travels for 3 months.
Now I have to divide 2093.40 by 11 to work out the GST (on my calculator) and then subtract that amount for the total and enter that as the Price.
I would then also need to be able to create a report that I could see amounts in each code if that makes sense.
Our employees are normally paid the same each pay period and they are paid in a batch so that only one amount appears on the bank statement.
Hello XeroIt would be Super Awesome if you could arrange some sort of alert when an employee has a birthday coming up.
Is there a third party that i can use to pull this report out of xero?Sorry for al the questions, thanks for any help that is offered.
I am only new to paying employees I ran a pay run which told me what tax and super etc I need to pay.
HiSalary Sacrifice Superannuation of an employee does not include in Superannuation Accruals (report), this hapennig couple of weeks onwards only
If I click on the payroll expense journal transaction (via the chart of accounts) it just takes me straight to the pay run.
My partner started working as an employee of the business on the 11th of August 2014 and I am starting on the 25th of August 2014.
Since she manually did it last reporting period the transactions ferom my bank account for that period are still unreconciled.
I have just processed a payrun for a staff who has a SFSS and HELP tax component however neither of them actually accrued any tax.
The only way I know how is to have them use Xero's timesheets and then adjust their rate at the payrun to to make sure they have consistent paycheck.
It appears that Xero is creating both credits and debits in the payroll taxes payable liability account netting to zero.
Hi allEach month, we do a payroll, then make the payments via our bank portal (most are set to auto-pay).
Hi folks, apologies for what feels like a dumb question, but Xero doesn't display any details of how this number if being calculated.
It should in fact be allocated to the duration between the Start Date and the End Date (and accrued for at the month end, if paid afterwards).
In April / May / June payruns, Xero correctly calculated the pension contribution (of 6%) on the qualifying salary.
In a nutshell, our payroll period is from 1st to the last of the month however our pay date is 5th of the following month.
Hi thereI have a query regarding how to treat Staff Entertainment when it&#180;s over the HMRC tax allowance limit.
Having now learnt the hard way - just thought Id share with others that XERO is unable to cease PAYE schemes.
Id like to be able to see how much leave they have took and how much is remaining based on their requests (not just the dates that have been).
Any tips?Web based Real Estate accounting and compliance platform built for Brokerages and loved by agents.
Any tips?PandaDoc is a simple way to create, send, track and eSign beautiful quotes, proposals, and contracts.
Any tips?Environmental Performance platform that converts your Xero data into detailed carbon, energy & water reports.
Any tips?A time management tool offering detailed and customizable task insights for data driven teams.
Any tips?Online 1099-MISC e-file and e-delivery: paper-free & IRS approved.
Any tips?A wireless job dispatch and work order management solution for mobile field service companies.
Any tips?Receipt Bank converts those annoying bits of paper – receipts and invoices - into Xero data, check out .
Hi all,We just wanted to let the Xero community know that Stock&Buy is now a fully certified Xero add-on.
Am wanting to mange the tutors to see they don't overbill and also where the tutor shares their tutoring (and billing) with other tutors on the same student.
A client of mine has had the bombshell dropped today that Order Harmony, an Add On for Xero, are closing at the end of May!
Xero automatically forwards a request for approval to the appropriate manager (based on the chosen tracking code) 3.
I don't believe this is possible but a bit of clarification may help.If anyone knows of anything please let me know?
bulk and per metre / or per KG  or single units.We do run monthly accounts for customers as well.
Hi there I am looking to connect Tableau to Xero to create dashboards and reports does anyone know if this is possibleThank you in advancePeter
In the event of a recall, new "Recall" report can be used and letters to notify goods recipients can be generated.4.
Horrible Horrible Horrible.I can't believe that the company has such a horrible anti-customer policy of not helping new customers.
I am finding this annoying, confusing and easy for employees to accept the prefilled code instead of thinking about where it should really be allocated.
Oh yes.Interesting to see UK boss using Twitter to have a go at BT when his support is so like theirs!
Woolamai Surf Life Saving Club in Phillip Island (Victoria, Australia) is currently using Xero.
Unless you are diligent, it would be very easy to overspend on the PO.I would like to see more work done in this area.
CLUSTER 559
Our company purchased a business who owns us certain amount of fund and now we need to adjust this revenue to inter- company loan.
There should be a way to submit / edit the amounts being invoiced & leave the rest of that quote in either 'draft' invoices or a work in progress option.
One of the biggest barriers for us to get our BankLink farmers onto Xero is that the Quantity column is not available in the Cash Coding screen.
Any tips?Streamline workplace management - manage and record everyday Human Resource, Contractor and Work Health Safety compliance obligations.
CLUSTER 560
On the awaiting payment tab in bills it would be great to see a column for "approved" which show who approved the invoice for payment.The situation I had today there are 8 people in the finance team, within the management team there are 3 levels of sign off < $500, < $5, 000 & > $ 5,000.
We are looking to be able to do the following process;Manage our stock onlineProcess orders via an online store which removes stock as per saleProduct barcodes to enable us to track the invoice and also our casks (as these need to be returned)The above are the primary fuctions, if anyone could advise that would be greatly appreciated.
CLUSTER 561
The bank feed is of course a list of the 40+ transactions!Is there a quick way, cash coding?, create rule (cannot do it on date range) ?, to reconcile this credit card bank account given the above?
However a lot of the time materials are not bought with a particular job in mind, they are just van stock and when needed they get used.I haven't been using the Cost of Goods Sold account at all.
There are a variety of ways of producing activity reports in banks, for example using the General Ledger report.However, I cannot find anywhere that drills down to the description field?
I'm at a point where I need to adopt an inventory management solution that would sync my inventory information from Amazon FBA, Shopify, and link it back to Xero (preferably a cloud-based solution).
CLUSTER 568
Is there anyone else who reconciles their balance sheet accounts using xero and if so, could you advise me on this please?Many thanks Anne
Hi,When reviewing a VAT return on Xero we often click in to the transactions to view the attached file so we can check that the VAT has been treated correctly.
CLUSTER 582
Is it software or accounting service?
I'm not an accountant so speak slowly.
Which one is your favourite benefit?
I can see no slot on the template for this.
There was an error, please try again.
do i use salary sacrifice here and how?
Can you please advise why this is not showing?
Is this a "feature" or just a problem with my data?
Payroll system is garbage.
It's the displaying of the information which is in correct.
Any recommendations would be welcome.
What is your favourite Xero Add-on?
How long should I expect to wait for?
Xero should be able to handle this.
CLUSTER 584
So for example say we have a total budget for the fund in question of £5000 to spend for the year on Events (this is just one of the budget headings) and £4000 of this should come from tracking category 1 and £1000 should come out of tracking category 2.
Hence there is discrepancy of 1-2 days between dates of each record.For invoice, customers can pay in advance just like bank transfer, or pay by installment.What would be the best practice to do this if we want to have least number of accounting entries?
At the recent roadshow, several people asked how to convert PDF files to text so they can be imported to XeroA relatively cheap solution can be found at www.textfrompdf.comI use it successfully in one of my consulting roles
Our company would really benefit from the bank feeds refreshing more frequently, so that we can rely upon the information in Xero, rather than having to log into our bank portal throughout each day to check for deposits.Is this something that Xero is looking into?
The way the contact name is only one cell now, leaves it open to enter first name then family name and another time family name then first name creating thus 2 records for same client.
If I go to my contacts list, I have hundreds of variations of the same contact and it takes too long to go through and merge them.I would love a feature that I could enable/disable which would send contacts into a "cleansing que" for me to later review.
Also, once you have edited the one item from the Billable Expenses Report, it doesn't take you back to the report, it takes you to account transactions.When someone has added many items that are billable and they need to be edited to not billable there is no efficient way.
We are always having to edit the email address to where our remittances are sent to as they are generally sent to a different person/department to who we made the initial order with.Can we have a separate field to populate with a remittance email address?This feature would be very helpful.
Xero already has:- contact- quotation ("soon")- accounting- file storage- purchase orderSo why not just add new feature "CRM" using all those above?3rd parties CRM solutions are just not beautiful where the contacts and quotations are just "duplicated".
and for client name XYZ, their sequence should be XYZ-0001,0002,0003 etc, I know Xero allow you to specify unify invoice sequence number, but there is no rule setting in customer level.Thanks againAlex Chen---
It would be great if you could search for clients by an additional name added to the customer details page.This would be useful when a clients husband or wife calls me (when they have a different surname) so that I can search for them on Xero without having to ask their partners name.
onlien banking for this bank is available from https://mijnzakelijk.ing.nl, main website is http://www.ing.nlI'm running an IT company, so can help with required formats as well as with technical details if need be.
Unit Costs/Qty on bills/invoices could receive input of "=18+4+28+6" and would show TOTAL when field is confirmed/entered.Same for journals or any input field where a simple formulae could be entered.
Accounting- we need to have available some report in Romanian language (trial balance, journal of entries etc)- exchange rates - we need to use National Bank of Romania exchange rates for unrealised gain / lossesThanks!laura
Likewise with with credit card payments initiated by our AP department (by searching ^^).Because we are regularly having an AP queue of 300-400 transactions, I am trying to determine if there is a way to use search criteria to exclude certain types of suffixes from the search.
Hi I want to add an opening balance from previous year to a supplierIt needs account code and tax codeBut if I complete this with account code the expense will be affected and its not correctWhat is the correct way of adding balances?Eva
Hi I just need to clarify that I am doing this right... (first BAS is coming up and I need to enter in some expenses)I have a few split business/personal expenses... car, mobile phone, home office, home-rent, etc... that I need to record in Xero.
Its there a way to attach your invoice to a sale sent to a customer via the Xero to Xero Link feature?When you print the bill received from a Xero to Xero Link the format of the invoice is different to your standard invoice template.
The only avenue I have been able to figure out is to set up each company (sub contractor) as an employee, and set the Tax declaration as TFN exempt and employment basis "Labour Hire".Is the process I have outlined above the only way to proceed or is there an alternative that is more appropriate/efficient?
Hi everyoneI have a client who has an employee going on maternity leave.She is not entitled to the Govt paid maternity leave.Instead the employer is going to pay her for 3 months maternity leave.What is the best way to process this through payrollThanks for your helpDebra
).What I am trying to work out in my head is the best way (read easiest for the cafe owner) to journal the staff meals liability account value to the sales account whilst of course maintaining the original sales recorded value!
Hi,All employee that have not had annual leave this payrun are failing once I add public holidays Error is :  None of the employees are newMy setup in Earnings name =   has a rate of HoursLeave Name = has a rate of HoursAny help would be appreciatedregards Paul
Having to go back to our clients, multiple times, to request additional documents/information that Forte is requesting to approve their direct deposit account has been a great inconvenience, especially when we've already communicated to our clients that their enrollment is in processing.Thanks!
I liked the sound of this Add-on where you can use the one application for AP Bills (including having scanned images of the document) and also for managing your expense claims and Customer/Debtor Management.Most of the Australian Add-ons only focus on one area.
A bulk of payments(lets say 100) will be in one report and the payments related to once report are received in 5 or 6 batch payments.Usually the payments are received from Centrelink for one invoice will be in 26 to 52 Fortnightly Installments
At one point they said it was because there wasn't a lot of requests for it... but I think my feedback didn't make it up – which was that BB has all of their partner cards listed as different cards vs. Chase or American Express (which house all their partner cards under one backend login).
Instead of sitting in my office and grudgingly working away on the weekend as I used to do, I can lie on the couch in front of the fire and do all our bank recs and pay all our bills, and it feels like fun instead of yet another weekend chore I have to face.
CLUSTER 589
Any good?Any advice welcome :)
Inventory transaction as well.
How?Advice gratefully received.
The question is, how can I move forward?
This does not happen in Xero and is frustrating.
Not accountants or accounting firms.
Xero is supposed to be beautiful.
Any advice where I should code it to Xero?
How does Xero determine the order?
all the transactions are imported by Xero.
Any hints how I can fix this?Anne
Xero is supposed to be beautiful.
CLUSTER 590
I need them to all be under the one account called Telephone so that I can then delete the other account from my chart of accounts.I'm sure that there is a quick way to do this other than going into each and every invoice, editing and changing it.Please help!
I can also allocate any difference to an account in the chart of accounts to accommodate reporting on the amount of money that "vanishes" due to credit card processing fees.
Hi,I have an employee who's start date was 8th September 2014.So in theory, a few days ago they should have been automatically allocated a bunch more annual leave hours (i.e.
only income or expense a/cs) if it is expense a/cs is there a need for me to manually add invoices for direct costs to Xero or does this pull through in some type of invoice that I can update/add to?
CLUSTER 595
I need to know how to account for this.I owe my supplier $4,000 for their invoice, and my customer paid me (direct to supplier) $5,000.
Would be useful to have a data column that is referenced but not displayed in reports, for example a column that is referred to in an additional formula based column.
If there are credit notes for any paid supplier the remittances produced are non-nonsensical by either including partial payments or have the wrong total.
If this is the case will I still be able to reconcile  payments as transfers?ThanksUpdate: I discovered that I can just make a report not using my policy that uses Xero and close it out.
CLUSTER 601
That is now not happening i.e.
Any thoughts on why this happening?
CLUSTER 604
How can I reimburse this staff member for this transaction?
As I no longer have any payments for this loan left.
Hi AllWondering how people tackle this.
If so, what account is credited?Confused,-Paul
Order Number is correct.2.
Supplier name is correct.3.
The purchased items are some goods for resale.
can you allocate staff to each cost code such as the above?
Would I need to restart my account?
No status) or 'Review Point' (i.e.
Hello, I am having some sales paid by paypal.
Customer is now in credit for 10 hours.
How can this be achieved best in Xero?ThanksPaul
HiI have a client who is starting a gym.
can someone please explain what is going on.
CLUSTER 605
Because I can't find anywhere in Xero where I can export LAST year's summaries only the 2013 ones.The Payroll Activity Summary report only gives me the gross earnings figure, it doesn't separate out the allowances.
Xero is on tour in Australia starting October 16 for our Accounting Partners or any accountants and bookkeepers interested in becoming Xero Partners.Roadshow details, dates and registration here on our website:
CLUSTER 611
HiPlease can we have a column showing us the original total of the invoice on the ALL tab within Purchases.When reconciling accounts it's a nightmare !
I'm nervous about payroll in Xero because of the problems it's had and with my very limited experience I'm unsure how this is going to go!Thanks, look forward to hearing from you - Gavin.
Hi,I'm just looking at the Tradify App and what i've seen so far i'm impressed.We are Cabinetmakers, just wondering if any cabinetmakers out there using it are happy with Tradify?
CLUSTER 613
Can you please tell me how to enter an invoice that is purely gst.
Is there anyway to view all the transactions filter by department or location?
CLUSTER 620
Is there any way I can record this in the P&L so that the cost is spread across separate months (so I don't have a huge spike in advertising for one month when the campaign went over two months)?ThanksMax
It would also be useful for those who start using Xero part way through a fiscal year and want to enter all of their claims and receipts for the last 9 or 10 months.
Often my bills are two lines one with GST and one FRE so if i enter the FRE first it would then tell me the GST balance figure for the second line or vise verca.
Xero's help feature indicates that the net pay should be reconciled with the payroll payable account; this appears to work fine.However, we are having an issue with the payroll taxes.
CLUSTER 630
I was wondering if someone could offer up a solution for an issue I have.My company sells products to dealers (retailers).
So could you please assign some Xero Support in NZ which can more efficient for provide service to us?ThanksGary Woo
Any tips?Accept ACH/eCheck payments from online invoices at a fraction of credit card fees.
We are looking at the possibility of moving our job management to an already built system that gives us the flexibility to customise.
CLUSTER 645
I am wondering if anybody here has good suggestions on software we can use for tax returns.
We should also be able to see the lock date in Xero HQ for each client.
Currently we can only pay expenses from bank accounts that are using the base currency.
Any tips?Web-based appointment scheduling and business booking system.
CLUSTER 646
There is no need to send reminders to, as I have already sent several statements and collection letters .
I can't find any details of how this works.Does this mean that there is a set timetable for all auto super runs?
CLUSTER 649
How can best provide for an expense where I do not have a bill yet?2.
Why is seller fees not considered as a cost of sale in xero?
It is sad to see many Feature Requests with no votes.
If I can do it from withing Xero, it should reconcile the account automatically.Thanks,
Newbie question - we are an accounting firm just starting out on Xero.
It is lightweight and easy to setup, with mobile apps available.
We have a client who is using a freight forwarder to deliver his goods.
does this info flow to shopify or do i need to duplicate data?
CLUSTER 650
As we don't use the credit card on the dashboard anymore it would be great if we could archive these suppliers only - I did read that they can't be deleted.
If there are changes during the roster (such as sick leave etc), then the employee would be responsible for making that change, requesting leave for that time.
CLUSTER 656
I am a taxi company, i got 6 drivers that i need to pay them every month, they are not employee, they send me an invoice and i pay that invoice.
&#171;GeneratedDate&#187;This simple change would make our lives a lot easier, not sure if anyone else has a similar requirement?
CLUSTER 662
Now for some reason when the PayPal fee are coming through it sometimes shows two entries that are exactly the same.
Is anyone successfully using bank feeds or Yodlee with Yorkshire Bank business?
I have been adding invoices as GST Excluded, therefore GST should be added to the invoice at the end.
Should I just change the name of my existing supplier to the new name, or should I create a new account for it?
Hello,How do I code TNT invoice which is for GST from customs for imported goods in NZ?
One thing that has stumped me a little is where to add / how to treat a loyalty reward from my bank.
Is the only way to delete the previous invoices by manually deleting/voiding each individual invoice??
How do I add the accumulated depreciation of an existing asset onto the Fixed Asset register?
Is there any way to enter Accounts Receivable/Payable balances without entering all the invoices?
hi there,is there a way of exporting a quote/invoice from one xero account to another?
I have checked petty cash/ reimb transactions and nothing is jumping out at me.Thanks, Faye
When it came down to reconciling those payments with Stripe deposits it inflated the Statement balance beyond what it should be.
Only problem, is that now I've further made a mess of the totals and they are inflated out of control once again.. How do I get out of this nasty tangle?
As a result, we are still using a Sage-derived chart of accounts within Xero.
I'm looking for a field on the bill where I can enter the invoice number where I charged for the subcontracted service.
Hello!Our client is a touring company that hires talent from overseas to perform in Australia.
However, I want to ensure that it is the correct way of doing things.If anybody can clarify this for me, I'd be most grateful.
It could also be adjusted via a Journal if it was seen to be increased?Thanks!Jemma
Is there a way that I could report transactions using the budget line items of the grant?
We submitted client rebate request to Medicare - funds should be paid directly to client.
This means you are limited to only the first 200 items each time, which means - MORE WORK.3.
We are now paying the debt collection agency off in chunks via private funds from the owner.
A member of an LLC paid telephone bill using his personal credit card.
Can I do a journal to Debit the Expense and GST, and credit drawings account to show payment for these?
Is there some guide that I sholuld use when I need to add a new account, be it an expense or sales.
I think its option 1 which is how I have it now but please can someone reassure me as the numbers are drastically different if not!
An example is when I buy a series of airfare tickets, one for each week over 2 months.
I've worked with larger systems that allow for allocating an expense (manually) over any period of time.
I have almost depleted it by drawing credit notes against it and can't work out if or how I can load it again.Thanks for any ideas!
Situation:  Customer invoices from a POS system are imported into Xero via the API.
Should I make an expense claim to myself and treat it as Owner Funds Introduced?Cheers,Chris
It should not do that - rather make the bank account wrong so we can see that we have misposted something somewhere.
I have just entered our tracked inventory opening balances from our EOFY stocktake (we have just started with Xero).
Obviously, I pay the whole bill to Spark, but how do I account for the half-half split?
The problem with this is that there is no way to link the bill to the invoice so there there is no quick way to see who has been refunded and who has not.
As background service is a separate application and will not have same session and access token.Regards,Shane
While NSCOA is not compulsory, there are benefits in using it.Important - Any organisation is able to adopt NSCOA.
HiMy credit card number has changed and wondered how I go about updating it in Xero.
When I run the Balance Sheet for the period as at 31 Dec, the Accumulated Depreciation doesn't show.What can I do?
How should this be handled?Please can someone help before I turn this into a bowl of spaghetti?Thank you in anticipationChristina
Hi allJust wondering if anyone is using Xero for look-through companies (LTCs)?
However, the NIC payment still shows up in Xero and i don't know how to waive this for this month?
Question is how do you then pay a Trade Creditor with a Trade Creditor?Help would be appreciated.
I understand this is a system feature but its pretty useless to have a tax rate that can never be changed.
I have invoiced the vendor for the $75 and would like to write that off as coming out of what I owe the vendor.
Is it possible to get year to date balance on the payslip like what appears in MYOB.
How do I record $200 on an account without any line item details - can it be done or no - Y/N2.
We are looking for an accountant that supports xero and understands the system to take on both clients as our accountant.
I hope someone might be able to help.How do I reconcile the following items:1.
As it is a liability account I would have thought It should be without brackets as like other liability amounts in there.
How do I enter these into Xero as obviously it will need to be done in such a way as to show on the VAT report.
Is there a better way of doing this that can reflect the VAT element naturally?Any help greatfully receivedCaroline
How do i record the debit from my bank account that refunds the deposit back to VRBO's guest.
6) How do I record initial purchases like beds, towels, dishes etc.
Now all the invoices are dated 20th of the current month instead 20th of the next month.
I have all this money allocated to an account called Import Duty which is set as type "overhead".
When I go back into settings, they show they are set up correctly, they just don't operate the right way.
How do you all use, if you can Xero for a CRM?Other than writing quotes the package is light on with CRM tools.
We are currently using the inventory feature in Xero to manage a small amount of stock.
The items in question will be used 100% for business and will be entered on the asses register for depreciation.
Does anyone know of a way that something like this can be done, maybe an add on?Thanks
I'm not sure I want to do leave it unallocated in xero as it could be months before a booking proceeds...
Is it possible to set the Paypal payment process to add on the transaction fees to the payer?
An important part of this function are the automatic receipts generated once their system has received the invoices.
And a quote may be a quote for month and might then or might not turn into a real job.
Ultimately I need to send an invoice for time (which is easy to do in Xero) and expenses to clients.
Is anyone having success with a business debit card that works with Xero bank feeds?
How do I do this?I've looked in the Help centre but seem to be looking for the wrong thing.Many thanksMike
I understand how to enter the invoices to Xero, but, how can I enter the wages I receive as an employee to Xero ?
Office admin then can check times when doing payroll and confirm hours need to be charged out.
If the statements were to automatically download this would save time and errors for both bookkeepers and accountants.
If we are not diligent, the employee will be paid for the full pay cycle, not just from the employment start date.
staff could note the basis upon which items have been changed, or how a prediction has been made.
However, Journal report in Xero is lacking some good features to support:1.
Considering that Amazon is the leading online marketplace, I can't understand why Xero hasn't focused on this yet.
This is standard functionality in most applications that allow you to select many items in a long list.
Is there any chance that this sort of option would be available in Xero?Many thanks!Sylwia
Is it possible to revert to a blank reference field when there is no reference in first invoice please?
It makes the most sense to me to automatically show the current "month to date" date range.
Any chance of a bank feed for Square 1 Bank, a division of Pacific Western?
It would be really helpful to be able to search the unreconciled transactions for name and amount.
However, that information is not made available to be able to be looked at unless that transaction is opened.
That way the client will know that they are a member of our staff and not some random person having access to their accounts.
We are having a lot of adverse commentary from our clients about the delay in receiving Bank Feeds from Farmlands.
However there are a couple of fields missing that would make the report even more useful.
Is it possible to add the total sales for a period to the sales tax (for period) report?
HiNow that there is a quotation system we need it improved - and for some I would like to know when:1.
It should bring up the camera and scan the common types (Code 39, QR, etc.
It would be really handy if you could add   Drafts    and    Published to reports menu.
It would be helpful if when you click "done" when editing the reports, that it stays on the same page that you are editing.
This would be helpful for members of Professional Associations that need to do a certain amount of CPD.
When invoices are paid they will therefore not be able to manually receipt it and won't affect the reconciliation of accounts.
On a wide desktop screen there is alot of unused space to the left and right of the dashboard.
For instance if we want to change the day we want a batch, or all, the repeating invoices to pop up on.
I'd like to be able to set up a reminder that goes weekly, no matter how overdue the invoice is.
We are aiming to go paperless and need a robust system to restrict "approve" to those who are authorised to do so.
Stripe integration with Alipay (China's best and leading Paypal equivalent) is perfect.
They have a solid API that should make it quite easy to integrate.I think Xero (yodlee??)
Hi Xero,As I have noticed that new feature is included such as to assign expense to a customer.
The only way I can do this currently is to select the customers owing and copy them to a word document to print.
For some of my clients, this is a compulsory requirement which means I need to create an invoice outside of Xero.
This would be particularly good for credit cards as there is no running balance on transaction listings.
•Furthermore, that the JE numbers should not change should we choose to edit a JE and repost it with a correction.
It would be nice just to be able to produce the report for one or the other, rather than having both side by side.
It is taking ages as I have to go back to bills then to drafts each time.ThanksChris Fowler
one) that will make XERO NOT create a new inventory item and/or contact?Paul
This is illogical - from a clients perspective also as things progress you move from left to right.
Currently, Xero automatically closes what I am working on when I need to go to another place.
It would be nice to be able to choose the fields that are visible on the inventory listing page.
For all I know, this could be quite difficult to implement, but would be a very handy little feature to have.
This column could also be used if you need to go back to this invoice at any time.
Wish I could limit sales staff to only see information relevent to their sales.
Any chance you could incorporate a bookmark / watch / favourite / star help topics?
There should be an options to have more than one Principal (formerly Practice Admin) to manage staff in the practice.
We need to delete a very large number of Manual Journals incorrectly posted to Xero.
I know Unleashed software identify these columns by preceding that column title with an asterisk "*"
At the moment we are having to prepare additional reports in conjunction with the GL to obtain this information.RegardsMonique
Different clients have preferred formats of the way the Profit and Loss (and other reports) show.
A supplier's bank details are currently stored in an unsecured field in the Contact record.
A thumbnail is present as part of the main screen, and a larger view is possible very quickly.
They are both under the same company.Still waiting for the massive overhaul for WFM that was meant to occur in September.
When I generate aged payables or receivables, I need to identify each line item by these codes.
An example of a well thought-out process being scrapped without proper investigation of consequences.
I would like to request the feature for Customers and Suppliers to be able to log into their own "accounts".
There is no way between the two systems to adjust in WFM and then push the updated one through to Xero.---
Dear Xero,Is it possible to change the photo on your homepage of the treehouse architect guy?
Is there any way to have Xero's Bank Balance take into account post dated transactions?
is there anyway I can change the amount of time it takes before xero 'times-out' & I have to log back in.
Does anyohe else think the timeout should be extended to at least one hour if not longer?
Human beings take this option when they really should be editing or deleting the transaction and rereconciling it.
The main payrun page should list all employee's hours besides just their amounts to be paid.
When using Tracking for Employees the Leave Liability Report should subtotal by Tracking category.
Being able to save the superannuation as a draft, prior to submitting for approval would be useful.
Are there plans to be able to produce P60 forms in the new UK Payroll function?
There is a serious lack of reports available to print following processing of pay run.
If an employee completes 10 years of service they accrue 13 wks of LSL.
When I click on the earnings link in the budget variance report I'm taken to the complete payroll.
I'm processing payroll for several clients and occasionally get sidetracked and then forget if I've sent them or not.
Maybe an idea would be that "Requested" is red, "Approved" is orange and "Scheduled" is green.
Lately dragging a line item on an invoice to another row is sooooo painful.
Is our privacy being pilfered to a third party?Why was this introduced?What else does this "feature" do that we should be aware of?Thank you
These purchases are recorded as cash purchases in Xero but how do I report the cash sales into Xero????
Display the organisation financial year end date on every page you are working on.
Hi,Is there any way to provide discount at the invoice level and not at an individual item level?
Hi all, I'm wondering if you could offer some advice on how you manage your quote approvals with customers.
The receipts are attached to each transaction in XERO - this can be in personal expenses, and against the bank accounts transactions.
However the Xero VAT report interface only gives the option of Quarters, that I can see.
Is there a way to change the start and end date of the VAT return to fit our needs?
How do I reconcile the bank money that has been transferred to the company account with the bill that has already been paid ?
How do I match up the two transactions (the refund transaction with the overpayment) so that I can reconcile my bank account?
This behaviour has existed since first reported 2 or 3 years ago.
This is due to depositing invoices and paying bills manually and reconciling with General Ledger.
Does anybody know what is the difference between: - of the following month - day(s) after the end of the invoice monthThanksAndrew
Is it just so that the links to these services appear on the invoices we might send out via Xero?Olly
Right now we are "transferring" funds to each smaller account to zero out the balance through Journal Entries.
Ever since I started using Xero, the bank feeds are very slow to load.
Luckily there is no tax involved, but we still need a way of linking these prepayments to their invoices.
We are new to Xero and it is very disappointing to walk into a problem like this immediately we try and use it.
Also, is there a way to enter expense claims on an employee's behalf?thanks Meredith
How do I delete the entires made prior to 1st July so I have a clean set of books?
Hi,I am trying to set up custom DOCX invoice template which is working great.
)is it feasible to prepare two sets of financial statements  in XERO?Thanks a lot :)
They would like visibility on the wet gross profit and the dry gross profit.
We also need to guarantee business as usual during the migration.What are the best practice we should follow?
This will be to share tips and tools and see how people are using the product in a practical way.
Is there a way I can do this within Xero without saving the invoice as a pdf and sending manually.
When setting up Xero, how do I account for the previous transactions that occurred from my personal bank account?
I did notice an adjustment button, but how do I do this retrospectively with using the reconciliation tool & bank feed
Is it possible to have a file permanently attached to all invoices?at the moment I have to manually attach it before sending out.
Good day!How do we set up multiple Business DEBIT Cards for the same bank account?
We are having an issues when entering a receipt on an iphone 4, with the app not listing all our expense accounts.
For example, I had an employee go in and do several manual adjustments that did not require any level of approval.
Otherwise when I am looking at my reports it is confusing as some of my journals are posted on the last day of the month.
So the long and short of it, is that our efforts if anything are promoting Xero every time we do a demo.
I would also want to change unit price to hourly rate for the services.
this shows as changing in september last year... but we only changed in september this year.any ideas
How can I change the date format throughout the program to read dd/mm/yyyy.
How to get Xero to operate in accordance with the teaser instructions contained in the Help Centre?
After doing this and trying to update the same details on the feed integration in Xero, the feed no longer works.
As a trainer, I dedicate my life to learning the systems I train on at expert level and I can help you do the same.
of days overdueIt seems there is no easy way to get the equivalent data out of Xero?
(line 5) Internet costs and hosting (345) is not a valid account and will not be imported.
And also probably cross charge some of the overheads from head office How do we do this please?regardsAdam
Is there a way that Xero groups these payments so that only one amount appears in the Bank account?
Hey folks,My name is a Quin, and I'm a small business owner new to Xero.
How do I stop Xero from sometimes displaying registered office instead of physical address?
Following hot-on-the-heels of the  release a couple of weeks ago; Online Invoicing is now here.
Is the only way to cash money to petty cash from the current account via a 'Transfer'?
Saying this, a client is a mechanic and do a large amount of invoices perday and very detailed ones.
Is there a quick way of re-assigning a number of transactions or will I need to go through them one-by-one?
HiPayroll is not working it comes up with no payroll history and when you go to add a payrun it is not responding
Any changes made on the template will automatically be reflected in the existing draft pay run.
Are we still able to use the Xero clearing house to pay the super?ThanksAliki
HiI need to split my monthly payroll into two banking .ABA files.
How can I get this resolved without having to unpublish the payment summaries given they have already been submitted?
(Perhaps I should go back and read-up on the Changes to Payroll update sent through in August.
Do i need to enter in a Termination date & then re-enter him as a new Casual employee?2.
!Obviously this is time consuming and very irritating to do.Can Xero please explain if there is an easier way of doing this.
Is there any way I can create payslips in February and then allocate the EFT payments to these?Many thanks
Is there any way we can mannually put in the wages expenses to make them show in the P&L?
This could even be on the one payslipIs there any add on in Xero that can help with thisThanksMark Harding
I have set up the accruals based on 148 hours so the weekly accrual should be 2.846.
!We're sorry, a problem has occurred.Please try again It's possible the problem you have encountered is temporary.
When I click on the earnings link in the budget variance report I'm taken to the complete payroll.
If so how do I set that up to show she has 18 weeks accrued and how do I offset it against the liabilty account?CheersSuzy
Is there any way I can Create an Approved Bill rather than a draft bill from the Payroll section?
How do I enter/accrue CoInvest in Xero so it shows on the payslip and I can draw reports out of the system for it?
In the future all Directors ought to be paid a full month's salary on the same date, i.e.
I think the moral of the story is WHATEVER YOU DO, DON'T FIND YOURSELF IN THE POSITION OF NEEDING TO REVERSE A PAYCHECK.
taxesThe Dividend Amount is taxable via FICU, State, Unemployment, etc.
How do we get NEST to appear in the Drop Down Box so we can complete the pension sync to NEST?
When I look at this report it shows that all the salary sacrifice deductions are sitting in ER pension?
We're concerned we need to submit a balance showing zero to HMRC, but this feels unlikely.
I will change the employee number but how do I rectify this so the tax code does not come into force.Thanks
Surely Xero will show as a single number somewhere how much we should be paying HMRC?
Reading through this forum is not great for filling me with confidence that we should move over to Xero Payroll (UK).
"Gross LEL to PT" as a label is not really that clear in my mind.Also what is UAP?
I can't see how edit this so all the calculations are now out..... any ideas?Reading the other posts on here I don't hold out much hope.
Employee's payslips show the amount of holiday taken/approved as a negative balance.
Is there a simpler way to explain this to the client to allow him to pass onto his staff members?
But for the contractors I can't figure out how to pay them through Payroll without accumulating a holiday pay balance.
This is a combo of the opening balance of $2240 plus 4 weeks accrual which is correct.
How do I go about setting this up?Also, we pay out 8% holiday pay in each pay cycle.
My employees are paid an hourly rate and every week the hours worked are different.
Any tips?Vital cash flow management app for businesses, their accountants & bookkeepers.
If you are a user of Xero and Capital Pitch, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Office 365, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?A scheduling and reservation system for appointments, classes, tours and escape rooms.
If you are a user of Xero and Stock&Buy, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Loft 47, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and OneSaas for Shopify, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Business Importer, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Infusionsoft Connect, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Loaded Reports, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Build beautiful updates, reports and dashboards for team members and investors.
If you are a user of Xero and Bill & Pay, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Bill.com, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Intertec TimePro, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Progressclaim.com, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Create a beautiful website with Mogul and manage your web enquiries with no hassles.
If you are a user of Xero and OneSaaS for WooCommerce, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Arlo is Training & Event Management software that seamlessly integrates with Xero.
If you are a user of Xero and Current RMS, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Chargify simplifies managing a subscription business that collects recurring revenue.
Any tips?ClickDesk is a combo of Live chat, Helpdesk, Voice & Video chat.
If you are a user of Xero and Eventbrite by Zapier, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Infusionsoft by Zapier, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and The Service Manager, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Workshop Software, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Tax Connect, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Base CRM, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Authorize.Net, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SMS My Debtors, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Prestashop by CarryTheOne, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and My Inventory Online, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Funding Options, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Shopify by DEARsystems, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and eBay by DEARsystems, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Manu Online, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Reward Super, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Spanner Planner, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Dot Golf, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ABUKAI Expenses, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and CRM Online, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and DEAR Inventory, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Point-of-sale, CRM & Event Management app for dive shops.
If you are a user of Xero and eBay by OneSaas, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and IMS Payroll, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Infinity RMS, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Paypal by Zapier, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and RESULTS.com, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and RM Importer, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Simplepay.ca, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Number 1 payroll in NZ and Xero's Premium Payroll Partner.
If you are a user of Xero and Stitch Labs, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Website Builder, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Web Payroll, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and WHMCS for Xero, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Workforce Guardian, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Wufoo by Zapier, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and XO Cashflow, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Does anybody know of any add-ons which would help me in with this issue?Thanks, Debbie.
Any other best practices for entering client-billable bills and receipts in Xero/Clio?
It should also allow the product to be assigned LOT / batch numbers at each step in the process.
They are currently using Accpick  (http://accpick.co.za/) which is old and outdated.
Can anyone recommend a relatively inexpensive add on that only needs 2 x licenses .
(Signup software) An invoice is generated automatically that feeds into Xero as soon as possible5.
WHMCS: designed specifically for hosting (which we're not selling), cheap and cheerfulAre there any options I'm missing?
Forensant TimeTracker is a simple time tracking application for freelancers or consultants working by themselves.
Hi,My client is looking to set up on Xero and they also require an order system.
I'm trying to figure out how to make the accounts match in Xero once I've copied invoices over from Harvest.
Not use Inventory Items (but that means loss of a great feature in Xero)2.
What would be the best way of customising invoices for export purposes within Xero?
However after hearing mixed reviews, normally based on location, we are now slightly sceptical.
Is anyone aware of a Xero Add On that integrates Daily Taking Sheets into Xero.
Looking at implementation of XOCashflow - any comments on usability, client reaction, bugs, wording?
I notice that XERO is now automatically prefilling what they think the account code should be on sales invoices.
I can see only a February payment made but I need to get receipts for all 2016 and 2017.
I can't constantly communicate with my one person.Then, I made the Skype Call with Xero Support.
Seems a little coherency lacking that any decent UI designer could fix.
How can the data possibly be secure if there are no encryption keys, or if you the vendor are holding all the keys?2.
On April 20th Oauth is gone which will break support for export to Google Docs.
Since xero does not have true keyboard shortcuts this feature is a big time saver.
I use Shipstation for shipping.One concern I have is that sales/inventory data is not bidirectional.
Why would we need to see the email address of the person at the company when we are creating an invoice?
A supplier's bank details are currently stored in an unsecured field in the Contact record.
Well, we are 23 days into the new pricing plan and are being compelled to pay more for Xero.
I might be confusing tasks, terms/words, or maybe Xero just can't do what I need done.
Great for pulse checking the percent of active users are on the community vs the whole.
CLUSTER 665
We have developed THE solution for Quickbooks to Xero conversion.We will convert up to 10 of your customers for FREE.Are you interested?
We have developed THE solution for Quickbooks to Xero conversion.We will convert up to 10 of your customers for FREE.Are you interested?
A receipt from a food outlet/cafe from a staff member who is out in the field most of the day, most days of the week5.
This would make for a simpler display of multi-line items in the audit report – where appropriate.
I have an employee who is entitled to 152 A/l units annually and is also entitled to leave loading.
Any tips?Essential CRM and Marketing tools, built in a fresh web and mobile application.
Any tips?Full transactional history and payroll set-up from our professional technical support team.
CLUSTER 675
Hi All,I've recently noticed that customer details are not shown on the invoice, i.e.
Once they have approved it, then an email alert should be sent to the A/R person to then send it out to the customer.
This would allow for the batch printing of invoices.Thanks for considering the suggestion.
I can't work out how do I create invoice that reflect 1 month rent for equipment?
CLUSTER 685
How do I account for this in Xero?
How should I account for this in Xero.
CLUSTER 692
Does anyone have any idea how I can fix this?
Does anyone have any ideas on how I can fix this?
CLUSTER 696
Is there any way to do this in Xero?
Is there a way to do this in Xero?
CLUSTER 697
Please add the ability to see estimated quarterly taxes due on the dashboard similar to the feature provided by Tax Touch.
I chose wages payable with my assumption is that this will reduce the payable amount.I would like to know what would be the double entry created by Xero for the decution.
Our advisor thought that once we were using Xero payroll we would not need to manually do this every month, but it seems this has not been happening automatically and now we are behind by a number of months.
Provides tools small merchants need to accept all payments and grow sales with a free point of sale and card reader.
I want to send them automatically once they are created and approved, and they should be personalized,Using DebtorDaddy's pre-due reminder, could one set this to -30.
CLUSTER 700
My thoughts are just go my general bank reconciliation to get the figures of all cash receipts we received for the previous quarters.
It would be great if we could have a free format text field for invoices to allow recording off any special instructions.
CLUSTER 715
We have 4 separate entities operating via separate Xero accounts and as a combined group (commonly controlled business) Payroll Tax is now applicable.Is there a way within Xero to calculate the Payroll Tax, proportion it to each entity etc.
The number of accounts is going to increase indefinitely hence me looking for a solution to streamline the process.One of the recipient accounts is a suspense account from which I would like to raise RCTI's to pay the contractors their share of the revenue.
CLUSTER 718
Is this possible and if so, how would I go about doing it?Thanks!
If anyone can help that would be great.
CLUSTER 721
Should I allocate all personal expenditure to Owners Drawings so that the bank accounts reconcile?
I'm sure I'm missing something and would appreciate any insight.Thanks,Shelly
I frequently need to visit my inventory list to find an SKU I am missing.
I can't tell you how annoying this is and how inefficient it is to enter in receipts into Xero via mobile.
Apart from our company logo, we need to add 2 more logos to our invoices.
Is there a option to change these tracking options for processed pay runs?RegardsLachy
Hi,Can anyone help me with Annual Leave loading 17.50%.
CLUSTER 723
Is there any way we can get this clients with email address from Xero...
Is there anyone in the Xero community that can put me straight, please?
How do I capture all those expenses to accurately portray the value of the company?
How do I amend that previous BAS and can that BAS be submitted again to the ATO?
Some of the later tabs depend on information from the earlier tabs.
My understanding is...I do a Square charge, either cash or credit.
So I wrote a guide on how to complete this conversion the simple way.
Is there a way to import all employees from one entity to another?
CLUSTER 725
Also, could someone please advise what tax rates the contractors super expense and liability accounts should be and whether they should both be liabilities.Thank you!Catherine
Essentially is there anyway of added up statement lines much the same way you can add up transactions in Xero (vice-versa).Anyway of solving this issue?Many thanks,Dave
CLUSTER 729
Is it possible to overwrite a data with the backed up data as if a particular date.
?Would be great to hear this can be a option in the near future...RegardsLD
Only way I can print is by viewing the invoice online and then downloading a PDF.
CLUSTER 732
Especially on really old invoices this would not be good..Anyone know what will happen when I switch this on?
We'd like to have an option where we can see how many items there are on a certain invoice so we can add that discount to the order.
CLUSTER 738
How should i book this transaction.Manual journal would not allow me to transfer the Cost of good to advertisement.
However if I change my mind on the order in the month ahead, it will take a long time to rearrange the lines.
This would help when a remittance or payment confirmation is received early and covers a bulk of invoices.
I can't see any user roles that would allow this configuration.Is this being worked on already perhaps by Xero?
I can see that this is possible for the gross wages expense as you can set up multiple earnings types.Is there a solution?
I need it to calculate at 9.5% of $800.Can anyone help or tell me what I am missing ThanksVicky
CLUSTER 745
It seems Bills/Purchase are not in the Xero app.Thank you,Jonny
Is anyone else having an issue with Xero Support lack of a communication?
Does anyone have their self storage business running on xero already.
CLUSTER 747
I now need to enter my historical outstanding invoices.
As far as I know  it is not possible to enter it in Xero.
The best way to explain is by way of an example.
Therefore, once a contact is in a group, I'm unable to remove it.
CLUSTER 751
The only way to load these in Xero is to 'Add Bank Account', which slots it into the Bank section of the Balance Sheet.Perhaps there could be additional options for 'Add Term Deposit' and 'Add Loan' which would then place them in the correct position in the Balance Sheet?
The only way I can get the site to work correctly is to switch the browser to IE9 mode.Since IE10 has been out for quite a while now, and IE11 is on the horizon, I'd like to see something done about this.Many thanks,Chris
CLUSTER 753
Hey guys,Hope somebody is willing to help a newbie.
There are a number of things we need to adjust with our Fixed Assets also.
Can anyone offer some insight as to why Xero considers a debt an asset?
So where and how do i post this figure, to boost profit (and the balance sheet) for the year?
If that is the case then how should it be recorded within the Asset Register for depreciation, etc.
Could we add a feature to download invoices as CSV files?
CLUSTER 755
I need to be able to amend sales invoices by amount.
Some people may prefer this in contact, others in inventory.
There should be a facility to query individual suppliers/customer accounts.
How does Clio communicate client-billable expenses with Xero?
CLUSTER 760
Dear Xero Users,The way to account for free samples is to pass an adjustment entry in a particular item of stock.Is their any other way to account for the Business Promotion gifts.For example in a clothing business promotional gifts are given to the designers and the magazine people.Thanks
Or how Xero deducts 100% of the Meals & Entertainment category, when the IRS only counts 50% of it as a deduction.Is there any ways I can modify Xero's reports so that the numbers more accurately reflect how the government will see it?Or is there always this kind of discrepancy between bookkeeping numbers and IRS numbers?
I'd like to see a slight change to the way leave is handled in the Australian version of Xero through payroll.At present, to process leave, you have to add a leave application for an employee through their employee area  to processing a pay run.
Am I missing something?I think if I create a inventory item 'car' and use that for all the entries I will be able to use inventory reports - but I don't want to go back and edit every entry (and it isn't an inventory item anyway, so it seems wrong).Any ideas?thanks
We have hundreds of individual payments processed daily via these three payments gateways.Is there a way to bulk import the individual payments received on a daily basis and have them matched / allocated to the individual debtor / invoice?Any assistance would be greatly appreciated.
CLUSTER 771
A list that I add or delete from depending on my needs.
These draft invoices are for the whole amount of the project.
Now that they are merged, I would like to print out the invoices.
How do i get xero to calculate the superannuation amount?
CLUSTER 788
I would like the ability to create a new credit note to reconcile to a payment.This would be used to for customers who make advance payments towards services that have not yet been invoiced.
As the return is not prepared within Xero, without separate email communication I don't know within Xero if I should stop changing transactions in that FY just by the period lock date (because I probably changed that myself!).
CLUSTER 791
Is this functionality not available yet in Xero as I could only find a way to pay employees via direct deposit?
When you go to SETTINGS -> CHART OF ACCOUNTS and click on the YTD amount of an account, it brings you to a list of all the account transactions.
As an accountant that has used many different systems and have now been using Xero for a year I can not tell you how much I enjoy using Xero.
CLUSTER 797
Sales is goods sold and then i have another account called "Acupuncture".
Should be a feature that is set at Advisor level not each individual report.2.
Does anyone know of an add-on that can track Marketing costs by property?
CLUSTER 806
How can I get a report that shows REVENUE by customer?
Please tell me an easy report is possible?
Google Local is appearing above organic results.
Has anyone else had this issue and know how to solve it?
At present if you use timesheets this facility is locked out.
Any tips?Critical eCommerce Analytics - Simplified.
Any tips?Business analytics for SMEs and their advisors.
CLUSTER 810
Consequently I have to carrie out two more actions to approve the invoice.Is there anyway to reduce the default lines to 4 so the the approve button is visible making thing faster  and smoother, I enter quite a few invoices  ?Big thanks in advance.Tony
HiI've been telling people how great Xero is, but now it's time to use the auto super feature for the first time & I'm told there are long delays with no idea how long it will take to get online.I pay for this service but you're not giving what you promised…Pleas help!
CLUSTER 818
Ideal.But how on earth do I do this in Xero?
How can I create a job against a supplier?
I am treasurer of a small nonprofit.
It's this part that stumps me.Any tips?
Do you use any add ons?
There is an add on for debt collection ???
CLUSTER 820
How do I get out of this bind?
Any users of Wodify?
CLUSTER 821
This would remove the spreadsheet we have to keep to properly code and then match to the combined deposit for that day.
However I'm not sure how we get our Debtors off the Debtors Ledger once the factoring company has been paid in full.
Client should be able to see all the invoices that they have outstanding in one place and fully or partially pay them then and there.
When someone changes the financial settings of a company it should be recorded in the History & Notes who made the change and when.
Can anyone let me know if xero is able to produce a report on all inventory adjustments.Cheers
CLUSTER 824
Follow up question would be if determining the MACRS depreciation values is even possible in Xero.
Am I missing something or should I approach this in a different way to ensure his P60 will be correct at the end of the year?
CLUSTER 826
Does anyone know how we'd be able to enter this transaction?
Or it is contingent liability/Non current liability?
OR, if there is already a place to do this that I am not aware of - that would be awesome too.
What have I done wrong andf how can I rectify?Chris
Has anyone else had enough of Xero payroll?
Can anyone throw any light on this error?Thanks.
CLUSTER 832
I need to show the money as being received and also show a payment to the centre the amount belongs to without ending up with an overpayment against the original centre.Is there a way around this or should I do a refund to the centre and then they can write a new cheque to the correct centre.Thanks
Where are the feature requests day to day users require that are not accountants or partners of Xero or accounting firms?Multiple Contacts Per Cardhttps://community.xero.com/business/discussion/71041/586 votes - being "actively worked on" - 3 years.
The quickest option, or so we thought, was to do a manual journal entry to bulk correct the transactions that were wrong, but the accounts still weren't right after we tried this, which means that we missed something somewhere - we just couldn't figure out where because there were so many errors in so many different places.2.
We can run a profit and loss by tracking category in the new reports, it would be great if you can do this in the report templates - ie add multiple P&L reports, each for a different tracking category.ThanksMat
The managers are set up with the "Approve Time Off" Flag on.Amazingly if you are a manager, Xero seems to assume that these people have no bosses and that THEIR leave requests do not need to be approved.It is as if Xero assumes that all companies are completely flat with only managers and their employees.
CLUSTER 833
The problem I am running into is that I can't find a way to enter a new contact's email address and other details using the app and the web app is not very iPhone screen friendly.
Hello Xero UsersWe have recently integrated with Xero and are looking for users who would like to join our beta trial with the Xero integration.
CLUSTER 839
3 of the Journals were posted, and I printed them out, they were assigned a number, and when I went back into xero today they are no longer there.Is there anyway I can search by journal number to see if I can find out what happened.
The only way we have found to correct this is by deleting the transactions and then entering them from scratch in the correct account.If it turns out there is a way to do this already, please let me know.
CLUSTER 855
Can I filter the Aged Payables somehow to show me just the unallocated Prepayments?
Right now I believe only "old" reports are accessible via the Dashboard.
The invoice summary information should print on the voucher as it does on the Remittance Advice.
An example of this would be close down periods over holiday periods etc.
CLUSTER 860
The issue I'm running into is that the 200% depreciation method in Xero is not the same schedule as what I used to declare on my taxes (MACRS).http://www.smbiz.com/sbrl012.html#hyMy limited understanding of recording asset depreciation is that it's not atypical to have depreciation calculated one way for taxes, using the MACRS tables above, and another way (200DB) for the company's books.My concern is if I am digging myself into a hole by importing my fixed assets from last year into Xero using double declining balance, just to then have to output another number using MACRS during tax season.
So an invoice would go into the expenses folder,  there Google Drive integration/add auto email toEven better: Once a Document is placed in a specific Google Drive (specific Folder) for invoices/bills, it would auto send to xero:uploading into ExpensesUsing OCR text it would translate the info into then automatically update into Xero's Expense format and attach the file ready for review and approval:Its almost becoming cheaper to hire someone than the rising fixed monthly SaaS/Software feeshttp://binaryoffice.com/https://www.invoicesmash.com
CLUSTER 862
Can you please look at creating a function that you can export the attachments for the financial year into one PDF?This would be great for when clients attach dividend statements etc.
We would love the ability to have the bank link work for our Westpac business credit cards, with 14 card holders, this would be even more useful than the main business account.
I'm assuming that it must be a purchase that has at least a certain amount of value to it – something like a computer – or could i include small purchases such as filing cabinets or furniture?It would be great to hear some advice.
CLUSTER 867
and more importanly, how could I sort this out?
It's a nuisance if I need to change it.
Of course the pricing is up to Xero.
Is there a reason why we can't edit this box?
CLUSTER 869
My question is:How do I initially set up the new company's account in Xero so that it accurately reflects the &#163;8,000 liability to me and then how do I show it getting paid off?
Is there anyone out there using a combination of Xero and WorkflowMax, who is also using Receipt Bank (RB) as an add on (to either Xero or WFM) that could help me with their experiences?
CLUSTER 875
I have contacted Xero and they have suggested Zerobooks, has anyone used them for this type of migration and if yes how did it go?
Or how to create a payment without actually processing it through the bank?ThanxSusanS & J Food $ Thought
We would like to generate packing slips in Xero that are then consolidated for the week into one invoice.
I would like to monitor how often and how long the various users spend logged in not just the time they do
For one, I am trying to work out the difference between the statement balance on my homepage for one of the accounts (i.e.
Any tips?Progressclaim.com, submit construction progress claims online, from any device, in seconds.
CLUSTER 885
Thought I'd ask some opinions about this.I'm wondering how I should record something for a "comp" item.Example:I sell directly to dealers who resell my items.
I've been on this for three days solid and although I now have improved greatly my understanding of Word am no closer to achieving the invoice template I would like.
Hi,I was wondering if there is a way to transfer the whole bank account details and transactions from one organisation to another in XERO.Best Regards,Nataliya
The only way to pay the credit card balance is through the transfer function, which also does not allow the creation of a check that needs to be printed.
Xero should indicate what actually occurred.As Currently Implemented:Invoice sent 	2 Nov 2012, 9:25a.m.
Even better if we can set alert dates for when things need to be checked or reviewed as per expiry date of licence.
CLUSTER 888
Some parents prefer to pay as they go, making payments weekly or fortnightly during the term before the invoices are generated.
If this is not possible then limit the timezone search to the country the business is located with an option to extend to other countries if needed.
It would be immensely helpful to be able to select any day other than the end of the month for my report dates when I run the report.
Or because only 1 pay run happened in July 2015 should I have only reported the first pay run?cheersGreg
CLUSTER 890
How do I get this in balance, or in other words, how do I credit the payables account if it's not done automatically?
With the new Quotes feature, is it possible to give someone access to only do quotes?
Could someone explain how this works please as I am assuming I am doing something wrong.
However, I don't approve her timesheets because they are incomplete at the time I run the payroll, i.e.
CLUSTER 901
Every time my client tries to pay our invoice with a credit card through the link provided on the invoice, a NO symbol flashes up while it says "payment processing" indefinitely.
As a BAS Agent, I'd like a report to: Automate checking the GST code per transaction, against the default code, nominated on the Chart of Accounts.
Am I the only one who finds the Pay Run process a touch clunky?I think it is strange that, at the time I approve leave requests, I can't schedule them simply and easily.
CLUSTER 902
We just want to be dealing with net cash in and out not the VAT paymnets.I understand the logic of total cash in and out so maybe there is way of seeing net sales and purchases on the dashboard?
If you have a lot of customers, this is clunky.What is needed is simple visibility into item level performance by customer in order to understand performance drivers and optimise pricing.
The amounts brought forward from MYOB for the period 1 Jul to 9 Aug are not included, even though they are included in the outstanding balances for each employee, and are included in the Superannuation Payable account.
CLUSTER 905
The amount that are paid via EFTPOS show up in the bank as a single transaction (one for each EFTPOS machine).
This is great.The message that Xero's mail server sends me contains the header fields of my original message.
Any tips?OzForex offers competitive exchange rates on a wide range of currencies and a speedy transfer service.
CLUSTER 913
Could you help me with which account should I put to?Many thanks Diana
What is the best way to track which company is earning / paying money?
Hi there I have set up a tracker for a part of my business that is starting to take off.
Is there some way to split up payroll from Zen using Xero's tracking?
CLUSTER 920
Hi All,I am new to Xero and am wondering if there is an easy way to insert Sales and Invoices where the GST amount is not necessary 10% and also the best way in doing so.We are in a food industry where we purchase items that are GST and GST free, these items are on the same invoices and separating makes it difficult.Same goes with recording POS sales.
C'mon guys...can you please get this right?A less serious bug with the same report seems to be that if you double-click on a row to drill down to see the payable detail for a vendor, the "as of" date on the detail report is set to one day prior to the "as of" date specified for the summary report.
CLUSTER 923
Leave Description) should present a "countdown" of remaining characters.
When posting invoices there is a Approveand add another shortcut.
Is it possible to add HIGHLIGHT &/or BOLD/ITALICS etc.
CLUSTER 926
Hi,I understand how to show a list of invoices (or bills) awaiting payment, but is it possible to see the number of days overdue?
If  you don't know where it is, you assume that there is no way to customise the reports.I have had this GUI problem with many other applications, and you guys are too good to make this mistake.Many thanks.
CLUSTER 928
I am wondering, If there is a way to remove this VAT recorded.
Does anyone else think this would be handy?
These are all available in the "Taxes & Filings" page of Payroll.
CLUSTER 935
So, does anyone have experience of this?
Does anyone have any experience of this?
Anyone have experience with this?
Is this a Xero issue?
CLUSTER 937
I explained to him that this is duplicating the transactions as they have already been entered/coded previously.Is there a way to still manage this in the system?
I would like to record the settlement of an invoice I have issued for my services as being paid with equity in my client's business.
I know we could purchase add ons for roosters but our current process is working we are just trying to improve our systems.
CLUSTER 938
After I make the monthly payment for that credit card, how do I code that payment?
Should I raise an invoice and pay the invoice with the proceeds?Thanks in advance
How hard can it be to pull out the cash transactions for each account on a weekly basis?
I have a client with a Hair Product Wholesale business who is switching to XERO.
Hi,Can i change the auto log off set up for my XERO account?
CLUSTER 940
I'm working for a small business that is looking to switch to Xero.
So I need to go thru and sort and individually tick.
Is there a way to alert clients from within their Xero a/c?
Any tips?Create invoices automatically from your Volusion store.
CLUSTER 941
Hello,Anyone has problem with chase bank feeds, amount on my checking account and amount in xero is always off, why is that, I did contact support but no help.
I have clients that really want to join Xero but need a feed as not interested in downloading and uploading csv from bank.Any idea how long until we can see this bank added?
It would have the ability to wipe out the 'memory' of the auto suggestion that appears under 'create' every time based on the historic way the transaction was coded before.
CLUSTER 977
Obviously I could manually do an adjustment for each sale but that's tedious when I'm selling thousands of items in a month.Alternatively I don't see any way to make an item tracked unless I know exactly how many of them I have.
Has anyone got a cheaper manufacturing add-on their can recommend other than those available in cin7, unleashed or dear inventory as it is a very simple manufacturing process that does not need a highly complex solution.Many ThanksAndrew
Is it being fixed?Anyone know of a good way to crosscheck the POs in WFM with the bills in Xero (export is limited to 500 and I'm not sure if the export includes PO# anyway)?
CLUSTER 984
Is there some other way I should be doing this, as I assume I need to recoup the net difference of $150 from future wage payments?
Adding it to the app would be a must too; I always use my phone when tracking time for each project.
I need to correct his last years holiday pay so that his annual leave that was transferred over is correct.
We would love to hear anyone's feedback and opinion on what we are thinking about doing.Thanks in advance.
CLUSTER 988
It would be great to have a feature button next to the error, that when clicked on will take you directly to the label that requires fixing.
Unfortunately nobody in the SME cloud accounting space is offering it right now - so it could be another way to stand out!
CLUSTER 991
Our issue is our balance sheet, where the credit card shows as a current liability of $1,900.How do we fix this?
Please could someone advise me on what tax rates I need to set up for our US based business ?
Dear All,Where can I see for any particular voucher/bill/invoice's GL Impact?I am entering expenses claim.
Nothing should block the focus on my active customers including the appearance that there are more than there are in reality.Many thanks as always
All accounting periods (months) should be marked as closed/locked for inputting until the adviser changes them to open/unlocked.
It looks like the Squareup fee is not sync'd, does that mean I have to manually input Square fees into Xero?
However, in the P&L is it possible to pull more than one sales nominal code  into the cost of sales?
What steps/procedure would be good to use for this process of reconciling each month until we reach the current month?
While this removed the checking account conversion balance, the journal details for the expense accounts are still there, and are not editable.
They then pay the woman biweekly using Chase Quickpay.What would be the appropriate way to account for this in Xero?
(The PAYE liability account shows the correct amount, but I'm not sure how best to reconcile this against the bank transaction)
Often the invoice will include overseas items as well as local items so splitting can be a hassle.Can this be done?
For the 50% claim on entertainment (business lunches etc) how do I claim this correctly?Thanks very much,James
As our savings are building up considerably we were thinking of withdrawing it from the business as Drawings and investing it in some safe investments personally.
Hi there fellow XERO PartnerEver wondered WHY Xero partners are so special and WHY you are as equally as beautiful as the software itself????
I'm leaning towards assets, but then is this "Plant and Machinery"?How do I handle purchase of services like Dropbox which I resell?
Is there a way to delete the incorrect transactions and manually import the transactions using a CSV file import?
This client also overpaid on 5 march 2015, so I need to include in conversion balances for overpayment.
This means that the client can legitimately enter my invoice which they receive on the 23rd of the month as at the 1st of the next month.
Is there a way to enter a bill from a current liability account instead of the default accounts payable account?
I could have a lot of silly questions in the near future.I'm setting up a restaurant in Dubai and we are close to opening.
However, there are instances when one invoice shows deposits for multiple room hires or restaurant dinners.
$10.40 - (Received) - Payment RefundedCan someone please help me on how do I go with coding these transactions?
However, in the bank reconciliation screen, if I click on the "Transactions" tab the transactions are all listed there in the "Spent" column.
When I put their invoices into Xero I manually assign the due date as T+30 so that I can see when payments are due.
They are currently using MYOB.They would like to convert the details on the Customer Order to a purchase order.
I'd like to work out how best to do that in Xero.The detail is this:Each month, my tenant pays me rent (say $2000).
Maybe you should consider one for the future for people like me that likes to budget by the cent by the month rofl.
Rent received in March will be booked by the system on Other receivables (entire amount) and then be released each month to the costs.
Transfers of funds between company accounts - How do I reconcile transfers between different company bank accounts?6.
Is there a way to reconcile the bank statement in a way where you don't have to create a "Spend Money" transaction or create a "Bill"?
Trying to setup our invoice template, how do we add credit card payment options to the bottom of the template?
how should I code these transactions and seperate these stock from the inventory qty on hand?Please advise.Thanks!Maggie
I have tried speaking to Santander Business Banking about this and the response was totally not helpful (it was as if I was asking for the moon on a plate!)
I have a product i purchase and the price is £1.941 is there a way to add it like this as opposed to £1.94.
Should I instead be tagging it as one of the following instead:960 - Retained Earnings970 - Owner A Share CapitalCheers.
However, the one thing which really irks me is that Xero does not offer  telephone/livechat support for their customers.
When I refund the bond do I simply create a credit note and add the bond liability account same as on the invoice?
Hi allJust wondering how I would generate a report for sales that lists the marketing link we have put in?
as you can imagine there are hundreds of lines, i would like to close down the less complex 'fees' line in bulk.
Having manually plugged in the figures from Xero on excel to check the totals, I find a balance of  -3372.05.
What is the best way to process the monthly instalments so that the finance company balance is reduced every month?
we introduce our latest .Take a look, watch the video, try the quiz and see how your answer stacks up :)
?How do we ensure we have the required documentation for ATO compliance.I have some messy clients.Would love your insights.Thanks
eg - a note refers to year end, or month end will be updated depending on the period you are working on.
After connecting the feed I never know if things are setup correctly until the next day or so when it pulls the info in.
The new Account Transactions report is great, but there's no column for "Split" (the other side of the journal entry for the transaction).
As I was typing this, I realized that related to that, there should be a "notes" field for each person so we can describe who they are and/or their roles so others know what's going on.
I understand from my account manager that there is no parsing feature, however I think this technology should be fairly easy to embed?
There is no report where this information can be obtained easily, and it is necessary to go into Auto super payment batches to work this out.
Because when the next batch of automatic invoices are generated, the one for *this* client will *not* be auto-sent like the others.
But if I could for example see how many of X product was sold in September,  of Group A sales in October.
I have started using the new Xero U and updating my training and noticed that my profile is not the same as my Xero profile.
It would be very helpful if there was a tally for the total number of hours being processed within the pay run for each employee.
According to the recommended SPFR framework, we are required to disclose much more info than the basic Xero Notes.
Currently if a client has the subscription in their name they can produce SPFR whereby they can incorporate the Accountant's details and logo.
I don't understand why you wouldn't have extended the ability to move/reclassify accounts on this report to include items in the cash section.
I would love to have the ability to add my own reconcilation notes to the published  BAS statement for future reference
Why can the detail reports not be created in our standard currency, so that we can compay and sum up the numbers, this is the actual purpos of a report.
We currently receive 4 sales invoices each day based on the 4 currencies we are currently accepting.
You have to lodge a form of some kind through to the ATO.In almost every other tax platform on the planet you can do a dry run.
At the moment on Xero one has to allocate the credit notes first then do the bulk payment before raising the remittances.
Dear AllA method of permanently rotating an uploaded image / related file would be useful.
Is there anyway of adding our company logo to the dashboard in Xero ?If not is it something that Xero can address please ?regardsColin
XERO should automatically change the period of the monthly/quarterly/yearly invoices sent by email to  clients.
Is it possible to automatically pull the details from the Batch "Ref" column into the "Details" column when the batch is created.
The power of having that workflow communication within the XPM environment for larger firms would be (I believe) huge.
This would really help to make it easy to check on where things are financially at a glance from the mobile app.
It would be great if the questioned asked on all the boards were able to be flagged by the original posting person as answered.
We would like to see the name of the client appear on the Contents page and on the second page of any report.
Therefore, I most respectively submit that not doing this shows that Xero is engaging in deliberate censorship, contrary to its commitment to openness.
At the moment, we need to save the file on our computer before being able to drag and drop into Xero.Many ThanksJulie
I encourage partners to vote for this change - Xero may then provide us with this functionality.Any further thoughts or suggestions?
The ability to select 'last financial year' as a period would be great especially I imagine for advisors
Since we are in the cloud and not exactly in the loop of the operations, I think it will be best to have push notifications for some features of Xero.
I would like to be able to choose that report to attach to the corresponding invoice for that visit when I click 'email'.
Hi,We would like a report showing how much super has been paid for an employee for a specific period.
I would suggest a holiday/sickness report showing who, when, how long and annual leave entitlement calculation.
We currently are allowed 1 tracking category for timesheets, where as two categories are allowed in the rest of xero.
If a staff member goes to a new tax rate Xero should automatically reset this tax rate.
Xero's Budget Manager is great for month-to-month budgets, which is what most businesses would find useful.
Surely Xero should be able to Establish a Cloning function for at least the employees if not the chart of accounts and contacts???
Is there a way to enter an Item in my inventory in the "what is it for" area?That way when I assign it to a client it appears in there invoice correctly.
Hi everyone,Could someone help me see how come I cannot import the following file?
The problem is that when USER2 makes a purchase, those purchases show up in Xero in the USER2 account and the USER1 account.
Can we please have two extra boxes where we can record the suppliers name and maybe one for open text
I have notifications as recent as today (Jan 30) indicating that the feed was updated.Is there any way for me to track down this issue?
Hi there, seems like a postcodes finder has stopped working :-( Any idea what is going on withThanks Marian
This clears invoice 1,2,3 and 5 and part pays invoice 4.How do i reconcile this?
I manually import my AUD Paypal transactions in to Xero as I find this is the only way I can get all the transactions accurate.
I am having trouble how to use 'find and match' to reconcile the invoices and bills which are already paid/deposited in Xero.
i have come across an issue that i don't know how to deal with.I bought some equipment for the company with my bank card by mistake.
Can you create an ABA file in XERO when batching payments of bills so you can upload the file directly to your bank?
Is there any way for the default account to show up automatically without me having to click the box under “Account” every time.
Currently I do this by using the "Customer Invoice Report" and filtering to show paid invoices by day or month.
Anyone have a clue as to why Xero outputs a invoice PDF at 8.61 x 11.11?
Adding bills for items already paid is a bit of a monster chore for a one man band.
When they try to set up the bank feed for the new account, it only shows the accounts on the existing login details.
Sometimes retrospectively accounts, sales tax or other details need to be changed after a bill has been paid and reconciled.
It is now showing up on my Payable Invoice Detail report even though obviously it doesn't need to be paid as I deleted it!
Does anyone know what I have done wrong and how I can make this stop appearing in my report please?Many thanks
One of these is to take an import of the Profit and Loss Report so I can cross reference it with the live data in Xero.
--------MSG REC--------We're sorry, a problem has occurredPlease try againIt's possible the problem you have encountered is temporary.
Am I simply overlooking a simple feature that is already available?Looking forward to receiving some insight!Lucy
Hello,I have just had a client ring up to say that they hadn't paid an overdue invoice as it is not them who is supposed to be paying it but instead a customer of theirs.
I have 2 1/2 months of transactions to enter and reconcile so can anyone advise what is the best way to do this?
This would allow you to simply scroll down the report looking for incorrect Tax Code being attached to transactions.
I understand this but just wanted to check that If I should classify all monies received as 425?Hope that makes sense to you?ThanksJulian
I am pretty sure i need to change them to liability accounts, but not sure how to do this without affecting my conversion balances?
the other expenses for the same company are then NOT matching, which i thought should happen after the first time (yes i have refreshed the page).should this work?
Can you please add the Band Camp icon and way to include that web address on the invoices?Thanks
I think I must be missing something here as it is difficult to imagine XERO is missing such an essential and basic feature.
Heres a classic contractual statementThe Total Fee payable by *** under this Agreement is expressed exclusive of GST.
I have already paid the GST on sales of $272.72  as this was on the June 2014 BAS.Grateful for any assistance
Unfortunately, the only way to select an Item Code is to view the drop down menu and select the appropriate code.
I would like to be able to re-position my logo and increase the side page borders as they are too narrow.ThanksRobyn
Is their a way to remove the sales tax item from input screens when dealing with checks and invoices?ThanksDavid
(eg Holden Commodore - XXX123 - W-091273) Is there a way to add in extra references that are searchable?
Hi,We are seeking any advice on the best way to import data from MYOB into a Xero general ledger.
The value of these purchases should be included in box 6 and are not exempt or zero rated they are standard rated supplies.
More info/features would be helpful so you don't need to login via go.xero on a small screen.
How do I associate a supervisor/manager to an employee, so that the Team Managment tab shows a manager their sub-ordinates only ?
and 6.33h p.c.m.But after 3months they have accrued 121.6h for each!Is there some way to manually correct this?
This could then be used to automatically adjust PAYGW for staff in such situations.Thoughts and comments greatly appreciated.
I cannot use the 'multiple of employees ordinary earnings rate' as my staff are all on different award rates.
Is there any way that Xero can do this rather than showing the hours paid under the Ordinary Earnings Rate.Thank you,Jermaine
We need to make sure that 5 hours and 50 minutes is what comes up on his pay slip but I can't figure it out.
However, when reconciling the bank account, the Accounts Payable account is not a selection.How should the payroll taxes be reconciled?
I am setting up payroll for a California corporation and need to create both a benefit and a deduction for our health insurance plans.
In my old software I had to send a reason for the extra submission but I am not aware of how re-submitting should be carried out via Xero.
However the form in Xero doesn't just accept that my staging date is two years in the future, and it wants me to configure it all now.
Payments are made manually so I can deal with that separately,I had already made the individual a leaver and issued their P45.
He decides to sell donuts for a living and his last day of work is Thursday 20/05/17.
Hi, Is there a way I can remove old/archived employees from the 'Employee Pay Run Summary' Report.
I would like to have the pay runs set up so that every week I can put in the hours worked for the week.
Any tips?ControlC stores a copy of Xero data and attachments, and keeps smart copies forever.
Any tips?5.5 provides a seamless, customisable integration between Xero and your Revel POS system.
Any tips?Leading web based equipment rental software used by B2B and B2C rentals.
Any tips?Manage cash flow and avoid bad debt with free credit risk data.
Any tips?A construction software suite for estimating, project management, cost control, scheduling and collaboration.
Any tips?Outsourced accounts receivable service, focused on improving cash flow and reducing debtors.
If you are a user of Xero and QWD Outlook Integration Tools, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and QWD Excel Integration Tools, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Entryless automatically generates an accurate digital general ledger record from bills in any format.
With the DotGolf Membership System, clubs can easily manage and control golfing membership subscriptions, check out .
If you are a user of Xero and Amazon.com by Stitch Labs, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Complete online payroll system featuring online timesheets, leave management & rostering.
Maybe it is because I need to get used to it but it seems very complicated to use and lots seems to go wrong.
Hi , does anyone know of a Mac word processor other than MS Word that will import in xero ok.
I'm sure I'm not the only amazon seller trying to do it this way, but I haven't been able to find a clear FAQ on how to set it up simply
How can you extract Bank Revaluations and Unrealized Gains from the QWD add-on?They are not Jnls but I cannot see how to report them....
Hey,Had anyone come across a way to test a credit/debit card payment with Stripe?
We are looking for the right platform to manage KPI / Target / Bonus / Commissionwhich integrated product do you suggest ?
Is anyone interested in a basic product that links to brokerage accounts and imports holding information in to Xero?
I cannot see how to add the GST component to the property management fee (and show it on the management statement).
We are delighted to announce that our new international payments add-on has been added to the Xero add-on store in the UK.
I would love to be able to add an order, which will be for multiple beers from multiple breweries,  whilst in the field.
Is there a way to do this automatically or would I need to create a new inventory item that is for 10 days or some other option.
I see that Freshbooks and Xero integrate but why, if Xero does invoicing, would I need to pay for Xero and Freshbooks?
If ATO want to conduct an audit one day, we need to be able to provide them with printed evidence.
In my opinion, no one is wasting their precious votes on these small niggles compared to new functionality.Marcus
It's a bit of a shame as I don't do payroll, I don't have more than 5 invoices per month nor do I need multiple people to connect.
I'm giving up using this Community Discussion website due to lack of meaningful communication from anyone at Xero.
CLUSTER 992
Anyone else have this problem and how to solve easily?
Also how do you transfer a bank balance total?
I need to get all these matters resolved ASAP.
CLUSTER 993
How can I find out what accounts staff member has made transactions/history/changes in payroll on other staff members pay runs.
We have put cash and a cheque in on the same paying in slip and the payment is just showing as the full amount when its for 2 different customers is there anyway I can resolve this?
Greetings,Our company has received grant  from Government in term of  office Furniture.Now I need to Dr. Asset ( Furniture) Cr.
Now, if I, or my PA input the receipts etc via ipad/phone, I then have to authorise each item separately on the pc, am I missing something ?
This is entering the third month of not being resolved.Now today we find the system is not with-holding the Additional Medicare taxes on one of our pay categories.
CLUSTER 998
Is there a way I can put an employees payment "on hold"?
Hello,Is there a reason that you are offering only PayPal integration?
Hi,Is there anyone using Xero in Brazil?
CLUSTER 1016
It is infuriating that Xero does not make such a simple feature available to their users.
Sometimes we need to confirm when an account was started (e.g.
The only way i can work out how to continue is to close the invoice which is a real pain.
Hello there,Is there a way, that I can disable the Timesheet tab from the employee portal?
CLUSTER 1018
CBA advised to contact Xero, wondering if there is a way around this to reduce the manual import process.
It would be really great if this could be added to Xero or if there is another way please let me know.
Hi, we have 2 staff members with student loans but Xero is calculating the incorrect deduction, how can we override this?
CLUSTER 1019
We would like to use the "Xero to Xero" function for intercompany recharges.
If so, how would I import just one transaction & not all transactions from the day?Thank YouJulie
We have clients who pay sales representatives (each representative is a tracking category) commissions.
This is the only feature that has not made me use XERO yet..and still considering other Acc.
We have 4 different taxes that we are remitting on a quarterly schedule on different dates.
CLUSTER 1020
So when FIS decides to make changes in its code Xero can't log in because Yodlee can't log in and Xero has no means of action with the bank or FIS.
The only way I can think to bring the transactions over is to use the Manual Journal and debit the Owners Distribution account and credit the Sales account.
I need to avoid creating additional separate accounts unfortunately because I have to abide by our German chart of accounts, which doesn't meet our needs and is very limiting.
Is there a way i can track the raw material i use in the manufacturing process or i still have to get an add on.Kindly assist with your diverse ideasregard
Or would it (and anything else that is resold, either tangible parts or software/service) better fit elsewhere?Many Thanks.
Hello,We have an asset entered last September (2015) that has been Fully Depreciated at Purchase.My queries are:* Do we need to run depreciation on this asset?
I'd like to be able to easily look at my PO's and see who I actually need to send payment invoices to, and see whats due.
Customer payments are also entered into the POS system, imported into Xero via the API and applied to the correct invoice in Xero.
But I would like to simply see the total 'revenue' received; how much has been spent, and how much is remaining.Is there an elegant way to do this in Xero?
Hi,One of my clients is asking: "Hi, just wondering how I reconcile two expenses that fell in last years financial year?
What is the most appropriate way to manage those transactions between 31st March and 6th April which would have hit the P&L for the previous year?
But we do need to be able to group our programs into departments and so are looking at how we might be able to report at departmental level as well as program level.
So I want to apply a $75 credit to the invoice, and thereafter only owe the vendor the remaining $25 from Accounts Payable.What is the proper way of doing this?
Further more when you view the invoice itself it is not possible to raise a credit note.The "Make a payment" section at the bottom on the invoice shows $1505.93.
HiI am trying to run a P&L report that show me the budget v actual for number of months on the one report.
I have searched and searched and found no specific setup instructions for an account of this kind.Can someone please outline how this should be set up.Kind regards.
I'd never send an invoice without our full contact details on it as people need to know who to contact if they have any queries or if changes are needed.
The reason is we have a couple of primary schools looking to move to xero and we want to know what the experince is like and how well it functions in a school.
I have now deleted the statement which was easy to do so all sorted here.2 - The main issue, bank account 'A' transactions are feeding into bank account 'B'.
Can xero be recommended to NGO's or its strictly for small and medium sized businesses?If so what can be the best key features to market xero to an NGO?
Hi, I am a beginner using Xero - I am an owner/driver - How do I keep track of diesel litres purchased which in turn I will need for my BAS
What is the best way to enter these purchases - Should I bill myself then match that invoice with a personal payment I've contributed into my business Credit card account?
Have a lot of casual staff working in 2 or 3 different cost centres - "categories" but cannot work out how to setup this in the payroll.
However, they would be happy to use my affiliate number if I had one and they could pay their own subscription and I could benefit in a small way.
I see the suggested way to operate petty cash is to set up a bank account and call it petty cash so I have created one.
Every system i have used since 1998 does it that way, and while i xecept xero is trying to do things differently, this is not one of things you should do differently.
There is a software call Panda provides sign and payment facility together, We are using it, Clients can sign and have to make a payments to finalise it.
I have 2 departments (dept 1 & dept 2) so I should have the options to allocate to Dept 1 or dept 2 or none.Thank you
If a sales representative has been added to a contact under the customer information profile, the invoice corresponding to this contact should automatically pre-fill with their name.
Institute of Professional Bookkeepers of Canada (IPBC) is Canada's largest non-profit bookkeeping association (see ipbc.ca).
It would be so much quicker and easier to copy the new contact details straight from the file into a 'New Contact'  as we do for invoices/bills.
I can do a income by contact however, I need it broken down in the same way as a customer invoice report so I can easily report on projects instead of customer.
Xero should be able to mimic this behavior.In my case this issue is with Bank of America, but people who with other banking institutions complain of similar issues.
There is already an option for overdue invoices should I wish to view them.Please provide an option to show them in date order most recent first.
(A step further than turning notes on/off would be to have certain notes triggered by the use of the relevant report code - maybe a dream for the future)
Suggest a separate button be provided SUBMIT FOR APPROVAL which would perform the same function as the current "Save & Submit for Approval" option.
We like to use a standard font type and size on all of our reports / letter / etc for the firm and it would be great to have the ability to do it here as well.
Hi there.When looking inside any account, I would find it very helpful if I could view any repeating invoices already set up for this account.
While Xero has implemented Overpayments and Prepayments on the frontend - there is still no way to apply credit notes towards an invoice using the API.
Can a preview button / option be added under the invoice branding "edit" so that you can view what you have created as an invoice without having to create a "dummy" transaction.
We need the ability to set up customer credit accounts so that they pay in say 30 days and only then do invoices become overdue if they are not paid.
This can become very time consuming depending on the number of employees.So the lack of this function (which myob can do) has limited some of the clients that we are able to convert to Xero
Invariably there are always part payments made payroll or payments made on different dates or payments made and no payruns processed.
Can we have an earnings line in payroll that we can use to calculate on-costs for wages that does not appear on the employees payslip or 'their payment summaries for tax purposes?
Many of these business are currently using MYOB that has this functionality so its a hard-sell to switch to Xero without this functionality which is core to their business.
Whatever it is its making reconciliations more manual than automatic and its strange that the Bank can show exactly the info I want while the feed manages to scramble it ??
The only XERO way I know of storing in file library and then attaching all to the invoice to email it - this is laborious and also for onward billing is messy.
If 10 payments are sent out how do I reconcile my accounts so that only 1 payment goes our each month for each creditor for payment of their 30 day account.
Could someone point me in the direction of how i record the 'Z' reading of each days sales, I assume this will then correlate with my synced bank account?
How do I view all the general journal transactions associated with, for instance a payroll entry.I want to see which accounts are debited and credited for the transaction.
How do I allocate part of this transaction to the invoice but still allocate the total value of the iZettle Card payment account in Xero?ThanksPaul
I paid for and took physical possession in June and need to deduct it in that year.I would have thought there would be a way to edit this in Xero?
I can then delve to to those folders and deal with each supplier.I’ve noticed that once I create a bill from a document that is stored in a folder it remains there with a note about which file it is associated with.
Question does the entry of Budgets when running reports to compare Actual to Budget.Cause any impact on how Xero responds from a response viewpoint
Note: we have the top subscription package that enables multi-currency.Any assistance with how to tackle this issue would be appreciated.Regards,Shawn
This is ridiculously cumbersome way to achieve something that should be utterly trivial.The date picker exhibits other cranky behaviour that forces retyping.
Even though once the batch has been unreconciled you are able to edit each invoice, you are unable to change the tax rate.Seems a bit silly to me.
However when I look in the Chart of Accounts the spent transactions are coming in as Credits to the account.This has been set as a bank account not a credit card.
Hi thereWe run a flooring and property maintenance business, and as such need to send prospective customers / current customers Estimates.
I'm trying to understand why Xero calculates a different hourly rate for employees each month based on the number of work days in the month.
I have no interested in paying myself super as i have an investment property strategy i want to focus on and need to understand what is the best way, to pay myself through xero?
I would like to change the day I do pays from a sunday, to the next tuesday (and then every tuesday fortnight after that)What is the best way to do this?Cheers
I tried searching help and community but could not locate any help.Please guide!Thanking you and Merry Xmas; in advance Nimish
I have a client who pays his employees a salary, regardless of whether or not they work 20 hours or 50 hours in a given pay period.
In learning how xero handles pay runs, I noticed that it automatically populates the check number field with the next check number.
This morning I realised that Xero create two voices on the account one when I process the payrun another with the same amount when I run the reconciliation.
the xero its show me the transactions but i do not know how i record those transaction 910 salary and 77 nino plus taxcan someone help me?
According to my businesses HMRC site I owe no tax or NI either.If someone could clear this up for me, that would be great.Jim
How can I check that I have entered leave balances as I have used xero since October 2014 and I'm sure I did enter leave balances?Isabella
Link any source (web analytics, social media and others) and publish interactive, real time dashboardsFor more information, check out .
How do I allocate part of this transaction to the invoice but still allocate the total value of the iZettle Card payment account in Xero?ThanksPaul
Hi, just wondering if anyone knows of a Xero add-on that can keep track of commissions received per client from various institutions.
HiHas anyone used Commweb as their 3rd party payment gateway for Xero using Custom Payment Urls?ThanksCameron
Hi Xero Community,We need to develop an application that add "addon" in Xero Application.Can you please help in doing this ?Thanks,Deepak
Hello,Looking to possibly convert from Quickbooks, but need additional information on whether there are any add-ons that allow for production tracking.
Our exchange rates are amongst the most competitive in the currency world so you will start to save money compared to your bank or current provider immediately.
I guess I am wondering what are the advantages, if any, to using the integrated payroll system provided by Xero vs using an add-on like Zen?
The details are:Uncaught DOMException: Blocked a frame with origin "https://static.xero.com" from accessing a cross-origin frame.
The fact that we can use a simple password worries me no end.We should be seeing a more proactive push towards better securing our livelihoods.1.
I need to keep my books bang up to date if I'm to successfully use Xero fully for new client advance decision making.
CLUSTER 1021
Hi,this may seem like a stupid question but I just need to ask.I am not registered for GST therefore I do not charge GST on my sales to clients.
It would be great if clients can view their accounts when sending them the invoices, so they can view, download all the invoices from their portal and see the total outstanding balance.
My proposal would  be to add further functionality to the contacts area - particularly being able to search for supplier and customer invoices listed against the contacts,  Regards, Bev
Could this be added?This is especially valuable given that Xero have not done anything to properly implement recurring billing/charges via Stripe.
Xero gurus, is there a way to have Xero's own invoices--that is, what I pay for using xero.com--sent via the Xero network so that they appear in my business?
There are some app partner solutions like Cin7 but we don't need a huge add on, just a simple solution.Any help would be greatly appreciated!
Hello,Over the last day or two we are have started seeing quite intermittent connectivity issues - has anyone else experienced this?Regards,Jacob
CLUSTER 1036
One of those is bank/credit card account reconciliation.
At the moment you can pay invoices individually or pay the balance.
CLUSTER 1037
There are a lot of requests here that are arguably bug fixes or small gap closure requests, would it not be better for all concerned if there were a separate bug fix area.
Under the headings above, can we have an option to show or not show these items when employees are submitting there timesheets.It would run much smoother for an employee to only be able to select "hourly Paid" if they are hourly paid and Overtime.
I am a mechanic and have customers that have several vehicles, so it would be nice to not have to create a completely new contact for each vehicle.Is there a way to add custom fields to the default invoices templates?
This means I need to pay 2,500 minus PAYGW / month.Questions:1) How can I pay a Director who started mid pay cycle, i.e.
I find this extremely insulting after wasting my time trying to learn how to use the software I am paying for.As a paying Xero customer, I want, specifically, to learn more about how book keep for my business.
CLUSTER 1042
Any ideas on how I can fully depreciate these assets while still maintaining the reconciliation between the Balance Sheet and the Fixed Asset Register?
How have others kept track of donors and been able to generate donor giving statements at the end of the year?
'.Does anyone know if feeds are available for The Co-operative Bank business banking, and if so, how do I set them up?Thanks in advance!
It would be great if we could do a search on a manual journal description or date, (as you currently can), and then be able to bulk void these journals.
To get this information at present you need to run a Customer/Supplier invoice report, export this, them delete unwanted columns.
However if I go to the VAT Audio Report the totals at the bottom do indeed reflect the adjustments on these "No VAT" transactions.
CLUSTER 1051
Just wanting to know if the is possible without purchasing another 3rd party app and to make the checkout time more efficient.Many Thanks,Nathan
REALLY new to Xero, still learning so excuse my silly question.I have a salon and my customers (except one) all pay on the day, at the time of their treatments.
CLUSTER 1054
When I'm inputting my Bills in XERO I have the option to select No Tax or 20%VAT.I'm not sure what option I should choose.
- How to resolve this?2/ By this approach, the exchange difference would be deemed as realised and posted to the REALISED account.
Lloydslink is a more "commercial" version of Lloyds internet banking.Look forward to hearing from someone!Thanks
CLUSTER 1059
Hi,Could someone please give me advice on how to purchase a vehicle that is listed under the business assets without the exchange of money.
The only way I have found is to click each transaction to be able to view the account used....it is very tedious and my boss HATES it.Any suggestions or help?Thank you!
Currently when an invoice is created you can add additional lines for different items and the quantities on each line.Is it possible to have a total for the quantities at the bottom?
I would like for Xero to have the ability to email a recommended subscription to a client, where we can pre-select the version/level required.
For Xero Certified partners, it's would be great to see the number of CPD hours for each of the courses/webinars attended on the My Training page.
All my dashboard items could fit on a single screen with multiple columns.I'd like to see three or four columns of dashboard columns.
We need this feature to allow to print a month in a row, and having in this query BOTH PAID AND AWAITING PAYMENT.Any feedback appreciated.bestdavide
CLUSTER 1062
Or is there a way to do it by invoice that I'm missing?Is there a different way to mark them by invoice rather than line item?
How to process the final payroll for an employee, need to include leave balance as well.
CLUSTER 1065
Is there a way to add custom expense categories?
Our core business is a print and design company.
CLUSTER 1072
This comes as a separate invoice from the freight costs, and is 100% VAT.How do I handle this entry?
Does anyone know how to set up sub-accounts like this in Xero?Thanks!Tim
CLUSTER 1077
However, after realizing that we should use separate accounts to log those revenue streams I found myself at somewhat of a problem.
Rates - This is good for standard awards etc.Charts of accounts from one Xero Client to another.
A simple modification to allow to flag a customer that should not be delivered because outstanding amount or a customer with a special discount.
If you are a user of Xero and DPS Payment Express, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 1078
Does this simply go under purchases?How do I code Dropbox which I use in my own business - I make an annual payment, so is this also an asset with a depreciation of one year?For software that is paid using a one-off fee, (for example buying Adobe Photoshop)  I have read that this becomes an asset and is to be recorded against "Plant and Machinery" so that it can be claimed as a capital expense and depreciated over time.
As a bookeeper, I share a number of Xero clients with accountants.We both would have Financial Adviser access and depending on the clients tasks such as locking periods, preparing BAS, posting journals and financial year end can all overlap depending on the client.I would like to see a very simple communication system implemented under the Adviser tab.
CLUSTER 1079
Hi all.I'm looking for something that will use my client list out of Xero.I need it to do email merge...Anyone recommend anything?
Hi,We need to be able to create an invoice in Xero which has 10/15 lines on it, each with varying prices and nominal analysis codes.
CLUSTER 1088
I prefer that they check out and invoice is sent to them automatically, I only intervene if there is a problem.Any advice would be appreciated.
I think there should be an option when creating a contact to set a specific unit price for that particular customer.
How can I attach a receipt to an expense - not an expense claim but something paid for out of the business bank account?---
However there are some pages where the header, including the menu, completely disappears -- for example, the budgeting pages.
All reports should include BOTH tracking references when exported (they are used in journals so all reports need to have them)3.
We don't need to send them an invoice each month, but more just a means of keeping track of payments vs mowings.
If you are a user of Xero and EntryRocket (formerly CSV2Cloud), tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Active Collab By Trio, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 1098
Rather than click on each one and write it down, as I dont see how I can print each individually anywayTaDave
If you are a user of Xero and Time Tracker, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 1100
However, we have found we rarely use 70% of these and it makes a Xero bookkeeper managing our account more of a task.So is it safe to remove items from the chart of accounts that we have not used in this calendar year, or will this affect previous years accounts in Xero.
To say we're shocked and angry doesn't cover it as this is a client that took great persuasion to step away from an old system, and as such totally out of our control, our relationship is now jeopardised.Can anyone suggest a suitable, but sensibly priced alternative?
CLUSTER 1105
Timesheets should have locked Pay Classification for each employee so that only the one relevant to them appears.
(I know sorting by Invoice date is an option for Detailed report but not for Summary)
CLUSTER 1107
for accounts to Companies House or tax returns to HMRC (including iXBRL format accounts).https://community.xero.com/business/discussion/11761724#answer36113173Quickbooks is linked with Taxfiler is there any scope for something like this within Xero?http://taxfiler.co.uk/landing/aw1603Thanks
My customers would like the address in the subject of every single email and the reference would be perfect, but when sending an invoice, I have to put it in manually, or when sending multiple emails, I can't at all because the emails sent are exactly the same.So to clarify: I would like the reference field of an invoice to be a placeholder for email use.Thank you
This feature improvement would allow an efficient way to monitor expenses for each Item against their budget.By adding the Accounts field into the Inventory Items Report - Transactions, it would allow us to export the report to Excel, apply a filter and display the transactions of a particular Item by Accounts.
I would like to use Inventory tracking, but I wonder if the following is possible.We sell a finished product, which is made up of quite a few components, each of which I would like to track in inventory.Is it possible to have the finished unit (an inventory item) made up of all of the components, and when I sell the finished unit, it will decrease the inventory of each of the parts?
With tracking categories, can they be assigned to account codes, so that if a certain code is selected it automatically fills in the tracking category?For example, everything under the account code "cleaning" always goes into the same cost centre, so it would be useful if that would auto-populate just by selecting the account, as it's not always the same supplier?
Also I think that departments should be able to submit a PO, Quote, Invoice or Bill for approval to their head of department.The head of department should then be able to approve this, i believe there should also be the option of someone else 'higher' in the company having to approve it, so that there are two people approving.Is this something that will be able to happen in the future?
I need to be able to customise my invoice templates to show addresses and names in reverse order (I am in Japan)I have found reference in obscure places to fields such as 'ContactFirstName' and 'ContactLastName', and for addresses 'ContactPostalAddressLines' (and hopefully City, etc...) but none of these merge fields are documented anywhere I can findIs there good documentation somewhere on this?
Paying multiple bills "manually" but not using Batch upload or Pay by check.I'd like to select multiple bills, for one vendor (an ACH or WT payment) or maybe I pay a bunch of utility bills online.Currently it seems you can only mark them paid one by one, which could be tedious.
You can then create some pivot tables for some other ways to look at your data.Xero can now import inventory codes, so we can finally align inventory or correct reporting for hindsight--or maybe foresight if you use some of 3rd party wizbang tools.However the data can't be just imported it has to be cleaned from Square to Xero to allow for importing.
I need to be able to code all my accounts payable line items on my invoices with one of 4 different codes... WQ - West Australian Spend and QAPE'bleWAS - WA Spend onlyNWQ - Not WA Spend and Not QAPE'bleQAPE - Qualifying Australian Expenditure Do you know if there is an easy way to do this?
Apparently SGC is supposed to be accruing on Annual Leave Loading (according to ICB & ATO) in most cases (only does not accrue if leave loading is related to not being able to work regular overtime whilst on leave...), in Xero it is set not to accrue SGC on leave loading and there is no option to change this setup.
'Eligibility Status' should be 'Eligible Job Holder' set to 'Entitled Worker' and cannot change'Eligibility Status Date' should be 1st Feb but is set to 1st April All other employees details are correct in these Pension areas however all are also locked to editing.Can anyone give advice on how to fix?
https://www.gov.uk/new-employee-tax-code/y/you-don-t-have-their-p45/this-is-their-only-job-but-since-last-6-april-2014-they-ve-had-another-job-or-have-received-taxable-jobseeker-s-allowance-employment-and-support-allowance-or-taxable-incapacity-benefit-they-don-t-get-a-state-or-workplace-pension
A CMMS would allow us to record each of these assets, track it's location, set up a schedule of periodic maintenance and inspection, auto generate work orders when that maintenance is due (and display in some sort of calendar), have a document storage facility for service manuals, warranties etc to be recorded against the asset, etc.
The app places all Shopify orders into a single account, but we would like it to place orders into different accounts depending on product type or sales channelWe have also tried the CarryTheOne solution and it doesnt seem to do it either.Are there any Shopify integration apps that allow filtering of orders as they are imported?
Yes, we can Remove and Redo payments or create new invoices, create overpayments and copy and paste invoices to merge as one, however this is an extremely long process when you have to make upwards of 5 or 10 changes in a week and there have been multiple part payments made along the way.
The second line of support is XERO support (using phonetic correctness), I really detest the idea that we all stop working for up to 24 hours whilst you contemplate our problem, add to that don't bother ringing XERO as all we get is a "we (XERO) don't sell anything" message on repeat; absolutely useless!
# and name of orderer", or "for deliveries on Thurs/Fri, use Hardware address".These are just a few of the things we would be using immediately!We have over 200 regular customers who we like to treat somewhat individually - often order fulfilment needs to be completed very quickly and this would help us avoid oversights and other mistakes.
CLUSTER 1113
Because it is a third party app It can not update status in Xero tax.What Xero said in Today's Roadshow, they are thinking about lodging documents to ATO automatically when client sign, really GOOD, Thanks to XERO but what about payment?What we looking for is one click!
We're using Xero in a country that uses VAT.Just wondering if it's necessary to use two different tax rates for sales and purchases.Can I not just use my Standard VAT rate on sales and purchases?Will Xero work it out accurately or does it need me to distinguish between VAT I charge and VAT I pay.
When 'Wages Payable' is not zero, indicating you have over/under paid an employee, what is the quickest way to find which employee has been paid incorrectly?Detail:When paying employees individually, a Pay Run is generated, and individual payments are made to employees with "Who = <employee name>" and "Account = Wages Payable".
CLUSTER 1117
Xero could keep a copy of the invoice, or it could be linked to the payee which Xero would then download a copy for tax purposes.
I'm having to enter around 350 transactions manually and the balance is just spiralling the wrong way :-(Appreciate any help with this, many thanks :-)
CLUSTER 1119
We are considering starting invoicing in the customer's local currency which brings exchange rates into consideration for us as well as transfer fees.
Do I create a purchase order when I refund the $250 to even out the difference, or is there a way to delete the paid invoice once I have received it - or reverse it?
On the client authorising the timesheet I would like an invoice to be produced for the client, approved and automatically emailled to the client.Is this possible?ThanksJohn
Any tips?Get your Xero online invoices paid instantly by adding real-time credit card payment and reconciliation.
I use PocketSmith to manage my personal accounts and do forecast projections.While it's a personal account, most of the deposits are from my business accounts, i.e.
CLUSTER 1122
Has anyone else had experience with this that can assist?
I don't know if any other users would be interested in this?
Is there an easy way to get around this?
Has anyone had similar experiences and any suggestions?
CLUSTER 1127
I need to mach 2 payment for one bill, but from private and business account.
I need to code them to standard rated 20% but don't want to account for the VAT - how do I do this?Thanks!
For some reason, the credit card payment on the Citi card shows up as a 'debit' - not sure why.
CLUSTER 1128
I would like to see accounts submitted for approval hit the GL so that the month end accounts reconcile with other entities and more accurately reflect the financial performance and position.
?Also can  you allow notes in the annual leave tab for each employee to type in dates taken for annual leave.This is a bit urgent... is there anyway this can happen???
CLUSTER 1131
!OK.So perhaps I have this wrong and there is actually a way to do these things.
Is there any way we can set up the allowance without KiwiSaver being calculated.
Does anyone know how to track changes of a currency in the bill?
CLUSTER 1139
Is there a way to set the default for account transactions report to SHOW the opening & closing balances - it is the MOST ANNOYING feature of this new report that it does not automatically show this!Also if there is no activity in the period it won't show the opening & Closing balance either  - can this be changed?
It would be great if we had the option to be able to hide columns that are not used or rarely used.For example we don't use the discount column and if we had the option to hide the column it would mean more space for the item or description columns that end up too slim.
This would also serve as a way of seeing which cheques are yet to be presented to the bank.This would be handy when using an account on a lower subscription level where entering and approving bills is not available...?Have I missed something?
Need to manually do tax calculations from Old reports spreadsheets.And need to do lot of sorting and deleting from New report spreadsheets.Old reports fast to display.New reports slow to display and a little strange sometimes.Doesn't make sense.
**Account Transactions***Always starts showing an error - this is uglyIt would be useful if this report had a running balance option.Many reports would be useful if they had a show zero balance option,
This may be a silly question but I wanted to know if I could use Xero's Payroll feature without having a bank account linked to a Xero Account.I have just started in a new Job and they are using very old methods to calculate payroll each week for 85+ Staff.
CLUSTER 1144
Also how do I import receipts from Shoeboxed as already paid?
It should be possible to enter a part search of the product name.
Hi, we are unable to use the Xero system this morning.
One that's created as a generic travel, or parking fee.
Do I need to create a transaction to document my contribution and if so, how?Thanks,
You can't edit the invoice in the accounts payable section either.
CLUSTER 1150
HiI need to charge a client for airfares and accommodation.Can you please explain which tax code to use and so I understand, why!Many thanks.
Maybe after a bill has been submitted for approval, the contact field should be frozen as a hyperlink, and an 'edit' option be added to the 'bill options' dropdown menu.
But that's just a guess.Please note, I don't need support to reach out to me, I'm just reporting this as a bug in case Xero wishes to take action on it.Thanks
CLUSTER 1151
It would be useful if the document could be returned to library for further processing.
BUT Xero is still adding this HECS tax onto their payslip.
CLUSTER 1167
The invoice issued to the customer is to show only 15 meters ordered yet how does the inventory quantity align with 17 meters used but only 15 meters sold?
It is often necessary to either either email or send our customers a document by snail mail and then we need to either do a bulk email or print addresses on envelopes.
Using a coma doesn't work as well.So, my question is: is there another separator than a point or comma?Like 19`/,90 € or something?Many thanks for your help.
CLUSTER 1171
Good evening all,Would anyone know how to change the linked accumulated depreciation account on the fixed asset register?
Hi,At the end of each month, I would like to export all new clients for the past month, and send to my mailchimp account.
Hi,Don't know if anyone else has asked for this but import function is really important feature of Xero for new clients.
In particular, I would like to see the Tax Filing status - especially if there are overdue payroll taxes in the list.
Is it possible to leave the Amount Paid field blank permanently on the bottom of invoices instead of the prefilled total amount?
CLUSTER 1175
This should not affect any previous documents / files attached to previously reconciled transactions.
Hi There,Does anyone know of a recurring job scheduling add on for Xero.
CLUSTER 1177
This can be time consuming finding the line with the issue.
Can anyone shed any light on why not?Am I recording these incorrectly?
We dont need inventory managment though3.
CLUSTER 1181
Xero could solve this problem by introducing an "Account" column when viewing Account transactions in banking view.Thanks!
on behalf of a client and then invoice the client at a later date.What would the initial bills account code be (e.g.
I have recently noticed in my Repeating Invoices that the "Every 1 Month" and "Every 3 months" setting are not working correctly.
I have checked that they are above the threshold, the are on a weekly pay run and all other settings look correct.Is there something else I can check?Thanks
The public holiday section in the help centre is a bit confusing so needing a bit of help on how to set up correctly please.
CLUSTER 1185
How do you claim total GST credits on hire purchase during the quarter ?
I am not sure how this feature would work but it certainly would be very useful.
When entering their leave I need to manually adjust their leave hours.
Bank Account A is where we process payroll (distribute checks to employees).
Can anyone suggest an app they have worked with that resembles accpick?Regards
CLUSTER 1186
So my question is - How do I reconcile the $1400 payment against the $2000 invoice?Thanks
Is there a way to stop Xero updating the exchange rate?Q2.
How can I delete statement line in android mobile app?Thanks.
"And while Job Costing is certainly on our radar, we haven't been in a position to develop a solution to this.
CLUSTER 1188
We will store the superannuation rates behind the scenes and retrieve the right percentage based on the payment date of your pay runs.
Xero is a delight to use and I'm pretty confident that once we have a month of transactions recorded, Xero is going to save me a LOT of time.
CLUSTER 1191
Thus I can run a report which totals my overall Motor Vehicle expenses and then break these down to MV:Lease Payments, MV:Insurance, MV:Fuel, MV:Service Expenses.Is there any way that Xero can do this?
Any tips?Pay RIGHT AWAY is a new mobile payment solution that offers you the best way to improve your businesses' cash flow as well as save time and money!For more information, check out .
CLUSTER 1193
What is the best way to show the outflow from business account to owner's personal account?Do I use the suspense account(850) and then reconcile when owner transfers the money out from the business account?
Do I create an invoice for the remaining component and just add a comment referencing to the QBO invoice, full amounts and paid amounts or is there a way I can re-create the full invoice and apply a payment against it?
I then set up dummy accounts for each bank account as a current asset which sort of worked but the balances were then carried forward to the current year so I then did a reversing entry at the start of the current year.
The accounting is looking fairly complex and I'm hoping to gain some insight into the best way to address refundable deposits and ensure everything stays associated with the right invoices and bills.
We have more than 30 horses.We Copy the Invoice and discount the invoice according to the share % of the ownership of the horse.As you can imagine this is a time consuming way of doing things, as well as being prone to error & duplications.
It would be great if Xero would consider creating a separate discussion area of the forum / community for third sector / charity / non-profit / social enterprise organisations.
I would like to be able to differentiate between repeating invoices that are charged to the bank account and those that are charged to the credit card, as it would make looking at cash flow forecasting easier
We often need to change purchase order details on our sales invoices and have to re-open closed periods to do so.As it is just a text function we should be able to make this change without re-opening accounts
Hi,It would be great if when you drill down, through reports, gst reports into an old GST period you could right click to open in new tab like most other things in Xero.
This would be valuable particularly for those who would like to quickly see how the balance at the end of one month compares to the previous month and have these figures side by side in the one report.
This is a ridiculous waste of time to have to modify the equity accounts for every partnership and the result of modifying looks stupid as you can't get rid of the word "Equity" and replace if with "Partnership Funds".
Hi,Is MS Edge fully supported?Printing/Previewing templates from Chrome is fine but MS Edge creates a yellow background as opposed to transparent on our logo.Thanks
When I look in the Stripe system at my payments the invoice numbers aren't listed there either.Is there a way for this information to be visible both in Stripe and in the Xero bank transactions representing my Stripe payments?thanks!
I need to do an import that goes from November '15 so you can imagine thats a lot of work to get done and I can't even get over the first hurdle of the bank feed!Thank you in advance
Now there is no way of easily and neatly adding the information I need to the invoice!Why would they add validation to this, it was doing no harm and gave people more flexibility with their invoices.XERO - PLEASE CHANGE THIS BACK
For example if a customer needed a roof leak repaired that would be our description and then the price would be my husbands hourly rate x hours OR in some situations we will do a total price for the job.
I'm using an edited word doc to map fields based on the Xero templates - I can't see anything in the original that would pick up the Overpayment / Credit note?Thanks,Pete
Is there any functionality to do this within Xero?I would prefer to rename an old code and combine with some others rather than using a completely seperate account.Any help would be appreciated!Thanks
I am starting to think this is not normal practise and our current data is not being dealt with until this historical data is entered and reconciled to get an "accurate" list of debtors etc.Can anyone advise if this is normal?
There is an "Employees" group in the Contacts admin that is empty.PS: is there a way to search in the forums with "word AND word AND word"  - by default it uses "word OR word OR word" which is kinda useless.
Click Super should definitely send out a quarterly statement showing this information, and frankly, I cannot believe it's not illegal to withold this information.I have lodged a complaint with the Superannuation Ombudsman.Dan
Hi as bookkeepers for many clients we use Xero for speed of use and we use add ons like Deputy to import time sheets and these need to be check individually.
Is there a better way where I can just enter the amount paid (ie $1,250) as a salary, bearing in mind that this number changes each pay period, including being $0 sometimes?Thanks
I calculate that in working days, so if an employee's annual salary is &#163;30,000, a day's unpaid leave is &#163;30,000/260 = &#163;115.38.
Is there some way of editing the payroll journal that is automatically posted when the payroll run is processed?I'd like to split the wages costs between employees and directors, which doesn't seem possible during the initial set up.
You are forcing accountants (who are generally the ones that are effected by these balances) to keep Excel sheets running side by side of Xero data to make sure we can also reconcile these balances.
Hi Xero TeamOne of my staffs can not read her balance of Holiday Pay from her payslip as it is not displayed there.How could I show her balance of Holiday Pay in her payslip please?Many Thanks
Ideally I would like to set this reference to reflect the title of the report in Expensify in some way.Further to this, is there any way to make use of additional fields in Expensify and have these appear in the Xero bill?
In return you'll get one year free.Check it out at  and if there are any features you need which aren't present or have any other feedback, feel free to drop me a line at benjamin@forensant.comThanks a lot,Ben
For example, how do you go about deciding that Apple watch functionality needs to be prioritized over something like getting rid of the ugliness of archived accounts appearing in account dropdown menus?
The product code field and bank account fields already work like this.I really hope there is somebody at Xero who focuses on maintaining everyday usability that can get this looked at.
CLUSTER 1205
Hi there - can anyone help me?I'm quite new to Xero - so apologies.
Has anyone done this before or know how to do this?Thanks in advance!Kind regardsAmanda
1-6 Lauren informs me that only the subscriber can transfer the account.
CLUSTER 1209
The invoice should be able to be sorted by clicking the headings displayed, i.e.
While the options seem intuitive they don't reflect on the Employee side of things.
CLUSTER 1210
how do i rectify this so that the company accounts show this as a debit to me?
It is confusing to not be able to see all purchases under "purchases"!!!!
What's this used for and is there any way of preventing these occuring.ThanksAndy
How can this be rectified prior to running the payment summaries?
Hi, I am looking for an accountant who is qualified in Xero.
Is there a way to customise the colours of the screens in XERO?
CLUSTER 1212
I'm looking for advice on the most efficient way to handle my sales.Some background info:I sell goods online and am based in the UK.
When drilling down on the balance sheet into a bank account, it would be helpful to be able to see the payment references (check numbers).
Something like min 12 characters, one number and one CAP and Companies should be able to build upon that with their own requirements.
I'm evaluating Xero and just want to confirm - it appears PO functionality is pretty basic and there is no way to receive items against purchase orders?
CLUSTER 1213
Is there a way of migrating these subscriptions, or do we need to manually amend - add into xero then stop the paypal subscription for that customer?Thanks.
I've already setup her inventory as "Tracked inventory", Issued Purchase Orders, and Reconciled the Charges on our Checking Account to the purchases.
Just imagine if your life was suddenly switched with theirs"To donate please CLICK on the LINK or CUT and PASTE to your browser and follow the prompts….!!
Hi,We are currently in the process of changing our company structure from a Trustee Company of a Trust to a Pty Ltd Company scenario.
The closest account that I see available is the COGS account.Can somebody suggest me on how to post the Purchase invoice.Thanks and regards
This is a costly issue and an embarrassing one and needs to be looked at by XERO as a matter of priority if they take their quotation functionality seriously.
I also can't really put an "Expected Date" on when we'll receive the payment, because again it is dependent on this external event.Is there any better way of dealing with this?
One issue though is that the from email address is "invoicereminders@post.xero.com"  this is causing problems with some customers as it is not from our company.
However when I look at previous entries made by my accountant she has made an invoice for each transaction.As such should I unreconcile & re do the transactions and match them to invoices?
I want to make sure I'm getting it right.I know we should have an advisor but we're a non-profit and don't have much time to get this finished.
I am new to Xero (and bookeeping), and need to know how to deal with funds being received from clients without the need to process an Invoice.
I don't simply want to put it in a bucket... Oh... and to complicate matters... when the payments come through on the account... they are bundled together.... i.e.
Xero allowed me to enter a purchase in a locked accounting period, should this happen as it effects P&L on a close period
I need to enter a inflow of cash into 881 (owner funds introduced) and a subsequent cash outflow to pay salaries.
Comparatives - we need more options on comparatives, particularly the prior year amount or the corresponding month in the prior year etc.
Is it possible to use a quantity field (as well as a value field) to track inventory quantities within the Xero GL?
However when I spoke to the CRA to confirm this was ok the gentleman was very uncertain and said I "probably should use the bank of Canada rates".
Apart from deleting each invoice one by one and re adding them, is there a way to change them from Sales to Suppliers at the click of a button?There are about 35 of them
Which liability account would I create my new security bond under - Liability, Current Liability or Non current liability?
Recently I switched from windows to mac and by mistake when converted i used an window backup file, which is 3 months old.
From what I see, it seems like the people using Xero are more service, retail oriented and less product / wholesale driven.
What I'd really like is a report showing only the invoice total, invoice number, account name for a date range.Any way to do that?
This is probably a really stupid question, but I cannot work out how to easily enter general journal entries - which I need to do regularly.
I don't want to create a purchase for these items, because they are already included in the bill we get from the supplier.How should we go about entering this dummy order?
We are looking to start using Ability software for our billing and wondered if anyone was already using Ability and Xero alongside each other?
We are looking to start using Ability software for our billing and wondered if anyone was already using Ability and Xero alongside each other?
In general what we DON'T need1) For team collaboration - we don't need any sophisticated project management tools (gantt charts, tasks, etc..).
It would be very useful if the when reports are exported, the account code was split into a separate column rather than being grouped with the account name.
You guys should look into eWise financial aggregation service if you would like to improve on bank feeds in Singapore and other countries.
Apart from having to enter the due date in notes is there anyway that the due date can be picked up and shown on the PDF copy of the PO?
The Mastercard, Visa or PayPal etc images that appear on custom invoice templates with the merge field are not able to be resized?
Eg just look at last months invoices due and overdue and not this month or the months to come.Annoying that it is structured the way it is.
From the FAQ: 'Enter remaining employee detailsWhen you save an employee's name and contact details, new tabs are available.
When I enter my email address and password on the first screen, I can press enter after the password, which takes me to the authentication code page.
It could say "Date (oldest first) " or "Date (Newest first").Unless there's a  way to change this already that I've overlooked.
Is there a way to partially invoice items of a quote/proposal (due to part of work being completed) and the balance only to remain under quotes?
Whilst you can look at on screen in account order, you can't send the report to PDF in account order as it defaults to date order.
It would be great if bank feeds could be supported for NAB nabtrade accounts, rather than having to download a CSV file.
Currently the P&L balance sheet and other reports show the newest column to the left and then older going to the right.
Any chance of Xero having an integrated Point of Sale module, preferably that will work with Tyro eftpos payments?ThanksJohn Wode
Requiring numerous more clicks to gouge out the additional info let alone the acrobatics of getting the info on a printed report.
At present the quickest way is to open up the credit note , Select allocate credit, then to type in the amount on each invoice to credit.
It would be useful for Accountants to have the Trial Balance default to Account Code as well as the end of the last financial Year.
Can we please have a function where a general journal entry lines can be made in a single manual journal and not default to the one date.
Please provide a report that shows bank statement lines with narrations as they are on the bank statement - against the accounts each line has been coded to.
If items on a PO are billed in stages (because an order has been part-shipped), then this can easily be reflected when carrying out the Copy to Bill operation.
I would like the app to have the same dashboard access so I can see how much I owe and what I am owed and be able to reconcile invoices when they are paid.
When a Debtor pays an account and the funds are then bounced (returned by the bank) there is no easy way to record this as transactions on the Debtors account.
When entering the contact details in invoices, the system should ask if you want to create a 'new contact' if it can't recognise the details you are entering.
The ability to add 'comment' only lines on invoices that run the full width of all the invoice table boxes would be great.
I know that you can search by name & do each individually - but sometimes you need to pay a number of suppliers but not all & to do this individually is quite time consuming.
When I process Leave Application I need to enter dates which is not really applicable being a total of Leave Balance to be paid off (in hours).
It would be nice to be able to produce the little splash screen of the monthly P32 as a PDF or printable for reports etc.
Wish I could use YNAB in my business, but I just can't justify the double entry required to keep both Xero and YNAB current.
I then went back and change the depreciation start date to 1/1/16 thinking I had misunderstood how it needed to be setup.
He would like to be able to add expense receipts eg for things he has bought online onto the Xero app.
Is there a way to split the daily posted value against each of the bank statement transactions like you can do with a part payment of a sales invoice?
Different background color to the last row.I like to complete a description of a completed job on the last row of this table.
Do I need to just download almost 3 years' worth of monthly statement PDF's and enter all those transactions manually into Xero?
can I set it to show the tracking categories I have set up?Can I add a comment to each invoice so I can add in extra info to individual invoices?
Hi,I have a client that would like to report by supplier (contact) based on the location goods were delivered to (the Tracking category).
Error code: SSL_ERROR_ILLEGAL_PARAMETER_ALERT    The page you are trying to view cannot be shown because the authenticity of the received data could not be verified.
The receipts are no longer available and I haven't kept the originals as it was all onlineIdeally I would like to have my account restored to midnight before I made the changes.
Hi, just started using Xero, and need to enter my opening bank balance from start of our financial year which is December.
Is there a way to create a new bill and then allocate all the past payments made to that bill,  so I have an accurate record of the balance owing?
This company is just separately invoiced for the goods it sells.Can I some how reconcile these known 5xxxx invoices to an account type that will be ignored generally?
The bank transaction is now waiting to be reconciled, but since I can't post manual journals to the Accounts Payable account, how do I reconcile the transaction?
I want to reconcile entries in a mock bank account which doesn't physically exist and so can not have bank statements, just payments in and payments out, which should balance.
How do I produce a commission "invoice", when in fact, we will be paying the owner the rental money which has been in the trust account, minus the commission?Thank you
Let's say as a builder , I want to have a P&L for Project A which is done already, and with Project B which is an ongoing project.
Anyone invested in meeting up in New York for an informal Xero session?Email me at david@letgo.com if you are interested.
Additionally, being able to use odd dates could be helpful when trying to find things like reconciliation errors.
If I want to charge let's say a flat fee for an accounting service, it should not have to be "rigged" to look like an inventory item, when it is not.
My art gallery client includes a picture of the purchased artwork in their word invoices, is this going to be possible with a .docx template?
I believe that Xero and WorkflowMax should allow me to achieve this.However, I'm concerned that I'll have to continue paying for FreeAgent just so that I can see my past accounts.
One of our issues is the best way to account for media invoicing.We are and Ad agency and act as an agent for media purchases.
"default account invalid BSB and Account Number" I cannot find where this is or how to fix it as it wont let me download the file
So, how do I include the amount of paid hours they have accrued & their unpaid leave in a pay run, the employee is full-time salary?
My problem is, my weekly transfer I need to reconcile against also contains owner drawing, contractor and sub contractor payments.
That is if she were to return the "paid salaries" to the company, can the company assist to put into her Super account?Any help would be greatly appreciated.
This still have me a balance of -4.7976how do I amend so that the correct annual leave balance shows on the pay slip?thanks
When I process Leave Application I need to enter dates which is not really applicable being a total of  Leave Balance to be paid off (in hours).
Hi, the organisations physical address is generating on our payslips, we want the postal address to appear, is there a way to make this happen?
I am about to go live with Xero on 1st July and was wondering if I can add a payroll number to the staff details in the Payroll program?
(We started with Xero on 14th September)Shouldn't it just use the leave balance as at the date supplied and accrue from there?Is there any easy way to fix this?
My payruns are based on the last day of the week being a Sunday, employees are paid for that week ending the Sunday on the following Wednesday.
Hope that reassures you, stay tuned for the next release announcement where we will be providing more information on the changes for all our Australian payroll customers.
I need to include the amounts paid as Termination Payments ie the amounts paid as Unused Annual Leave on Termination.
Then the invoice is submitted and it is allocated to Accounts payable.Am I doing this correctly or should it be done another way so it goes to Wages Payable.Thanks
And as there is still an option to run run weekly pay runs and post them as a zero balance, do we still need to do this or can we ignore?
)Now expecting a letter/fine from HMRC  - is anyone from Xero listening to these forums, some assistance would be much appreciated?Thanks
With this tax code entered into their TAXES we are unable to get to the PAY TEMPLATE menu option for these employees.Are we doing something wrong?
Is there any way that Xero could actually show the RTI (sbumission and HMRC Responce) files in human readable format?
Is there any way to A) Change the hourly rate to a day rate on payslips?B) Edit the format so its just says salary rather than no.
You don’t need to set up a separate BPAY Biller code – just BPAY with DEFT and a Macquarie bank account.For more information visit .
Any tips?Sapaad is a powerful, cost-effective restaurant Cloud POS; inventory, call center, online ordering & more.
I need an Inventory Add On for Xero which allows me to be able to produce Sales Invoices for tracked items which are currently not on hand.
Hi all,I'm in Darwin NT and we are just setting up Unleashed to work alongside Xero, both packages are new to me so we need support on both sides.
Does anyone know of an application that will link Xero and Open Dental, need to export invoices from Open Dental to Xero.
Need to find a Cargo and Ferry Passenger Business add on- is there a proper add on for mobile POS working with XERO ?
My question is there an easy way to reimburse the individual for the expenses once I switch the account in Xero or do they have to submit a separate expense in Xero?
We would then have 70 meters delivered to the Manufacturer and then keep 30 meters in inventory.How best managing such events in Xero?
Reverse for refunds, etc.So, I'm not any WORSE off than I was with QB *IF* I can figure out why payments received for invoices to the Square Account show up as debits.
HiWhen entering costs into a WFM job not all of them have PO's and Invoices such as mileage.Once entered against a job, how do we get these costs into Xero?
Also, Shopify periodically deposits money into our bank account, so how would I reconcile these deposits with any sales the app imports?
Can anyone recommend one of Xero partners that have discounts for nonprofit and for an organisation that need just a quite simple membership database.
I have a new client who is starting to run auctions along side his main business which is a second hand goods shop.
Hello Xero Team,Hope you could find a way to give more options or add more columns when doing invoices to Xero.
New potential client is using Expensify to capture credit card transactions and would like them to integrate with Xero.
My main concern is how to go abt the GST submission to custom dept and whether Xero is Malaysia tax compliant.
I urge the Xero developers to review how FreeAgent have managed their data feed connectivity and recommend that this more secure method is used.
I could have saved myself a lot of time and aggravation.You need a small business focus group for how you handle new users
CLUSTER 1215
5 days before their event, the customer is requested to pay for the second half of the total price for the service.I would really like to set this up so that I only have to send them once invoice, which essentially has two due dates, with the requested amount split in between those two dates.This would help me have a more accurate view of:- Money foreseen to be coming in each month for the next few months.- Customers really owing money.
Good Evening,Monthly we run the aged payables / supplier invoice reports to check off invoices.We have a rigorous verification process that goes through a few people before we can pay invoices.It would be great if we could pull the invoice reports out with the description so we know what each invoice is for rather than having to copy and paste each description into the excel spreadsheet?Would this be possible?Thank you :-)Amy
I have a client who wants receipts/bills attached to EVERY spend money and receive money transaction.To avoid delay in real time reporting, all transactions are entered even if no receipt/bill is yet available.I would LOVE to be able to run a report showing ONLY bank transactions that have NOT got a file attached to the transaction.That way I can effectively provide the client a list of transactions he still needs to find and upload the receipt/bill for.If this feature is somehow available already, please point me in the direction.
Whilst there is logic to this, in that there should be no need to enter Jnls against a bank account, there are situations in Xero where pseudo "Bank Accounts" need to be established.When using these "Bank Accounts", there may well be a legitimate need to be able to post manual journals to these accounts (Financial Adviser Access only of course).Can Xero please consider this requirement, as I am sure many of us would utilise this function.
CLUSTER 1217
We are payments basis so invoice dates shouldn't affect GST.
I need to separate sales into different contact groups.
Is there any risk to payroll/bank account details having been compromised?
CLUSTER 1220
Could we create a Bill for this, coding to expenses, and paid from COGS?
So what I would like to know is what codes does everyone else use.
is there a way I can set up other uses for expenses only and not be able to see sales?
My issue is that I want to attach inventory items to some of my income & expenses.
It's difficult to quickly review recent leave when the years are all mixed up.
Additionally, there is no way to do a direct deposit except through Xero Payroll.
I noticed that allocated prepayments are not showing up in the paid total, however.
CLUSTER 1226
How do I credit that but at the same time apply it as a marketing expense in my reports?Thanks!April
compare the 2012 to the 2013 year -  this a standard feature on most accounting packages.
CLUSTER 1235
Hi,I am currently implementing a system changeover to Xero.At the moment, a large proportion of our debtors and creditors are paid via a third party.
I would like to be able to break out my expenses by their contact name and our locations to use for the USE tax calculations in multiple cities.
It would be great if we could just add those items to a calendar in Xero so bookkeeping staff don't also have to have user access on our project management site.
Are direct feeds available for the NatWest Business Reserve account, despite this not being an  or do NatWest consider this to be an account equivalent to a current account?
CLUSTER 1249
Here is a fun one.....We are opening a new location.
I am using Adviser + Manage User permissions.
It is very time consuming and frustrating that you have to start all over again.RegardsDianne
Or do previous repeating transactions done have effect on this..?
You are now done and don't need to bother with step #8.
CLUSTER 1251
Would love for the cash coding info to auto save rather than having to constantly click 'save and reconcile'.
It defeats the object if their automated repeating invoices now have to be sent 'one at a time' just because they are sending xero to xero?
I am not sure how to process the top up payment through payroll as it needs to not be a paid leave payment.Thanks,Emma
How do you guys handle the shipment with UPS and FedEx?I know someone mentioned DEAR inventory with Shipstation.
CLUSTER 1254
By the way, this is the second time that I got the mismatch message.
Add a customer or supplier terms must be completed.
CLUSTER 1260
How can I change this, do I have to undo each payment & re process or is there an easier option?
Anyone have any idea how to bring the fortnight forward a day?
Please get in touch asap as this is time sensitive.
CLUSTER 1266
So when it is returned a credit note is issues.However we are finding that the requirement to allocate each credit note is horribly time consuming.i was wondering if anyone has found a way to include the credits in the batch deposits or bank feed reconciliation with assigning the credit.Any help with this would be great.
This avoids rekeying.My current method is to:- Enter a placed holder invoice - pay the batch invoice through the batch payment process (no re keying of supplier bank acounts)- Remove and Redo the payment- void the invoice and lose my paper work trail- Wait for the real invoiceI think there could be a better way.
CLUSTER 1268
Instead of making a cash payment out of bank account, I want to credit it to pay off my directors' loan.The way I've tried to do this is to do a journal entry dr Wages Payable cr Directors' Loan.
Two of them I usually need to click a button (in an overlay) to be able to login again.Can the logout always come to the screen where the user/pass are available so I can login straight away?Thanks!
CLUSTER 1277
Is there a way the staff member can create a prepayment by check for our customers without having standard access?
You should be able to assign a bill payment to more than one customer and be given the option of using % splits.
If you are a user of Xero and Batchbook Social CRM, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 1281
How do I reconcile this amount to the liabilities shown on the balance sheet?
not sure what is incomplete as they are all assigned codes and tax rates.
how do i just enter a lump sum amount with no qty?thanks
CLUSTER 1286
Is there a way to keep track that these invoices have been paid, without having them be included in the BAS?Thanks in advance
Im sure I need to have a Cr: for my paypal fees to show them being paid but I just cant figure out how to do it?
Hi, I'm sure I'm missing something simple but I can't see how the paypal fees for a transaction are imported.
CLUSTER 1287
Is there a way that I can change her access to allow her to do that without giving access to the financial parts of my business?
This is essentially a bill that we should be able to add to AP and track it for approval and payment just like any other bill.
CLUSTER 1288
We are redoing all transactions from the last 3 years from scratch.
Then look at what additional inventory we "Should have" based on Square invoices.
Could you please implement this or similar into a future update.
It should be &#163;35.88 employee with no employer, what's going on?
Can you explain the correlation (if any) between feature requests and timeline for development?
CLUSTER 1298
One should be operating at 14.5% and the other at 13.5%.
Technically right by the law but not how businesses operate.CheersDan
Only six predefined date range options is madness.
Can anyone share with me what to do if you have to skip a given pay period?
CLUSTER 1300
I'm new to Xero and hoping the community can help with a question around entering sales.
I need to make some manual journals to unpaid invoices that were paid to a third party.
I don't want to just ignore it because Employer's NI Contributions need to be on the payslip gross before the rebate.
I would like to be able to have templates set-up that I could assign to different clients.
I don't know anyone who uses excel at 150% zoom and the default should be a workable size
CLUSTER 1305
I don't know if Xero as it as 1st January, 6th April (start of tax year) or 1st July (our accounting date).Any ideas?
Is there something within Xero that has been missed for this to happen?Is there a way to run a manual 'synching' of the data with Unleashed so that all of the applicable Unleashed data is pushed down?Cheers.
Can anyone point me in the right direction as to where I can change it to be GST inclusive so when all our invoices from Workshop Software sync over it doesnt add on GST again to that invoice.
CLUSTER 1316
Anyone else missing invoices?
Maybe I am missing a trick somewhere?
CLUSTER 1329
I am not an accountant in any way and doing mainly basic transactions in Xero so treat me lightly.
Would make chasing clients for their Xero invoices a thing of the past!
CLUSTER 1330
This way it is more obvious to whoever is doing the bank rec the difference between transactions where a bank rule is applied vs when Xero makes a suggestion.
When a customer places an order we need to create a Sales Order (either manually or downloaded from an EDI portal)2.
CLUSTER 1331
As much as I hate to reference Quickbooks as an example, I need to do it here.
Can anyone point me in the right direction?Thanks,Chris
If this is a programming change I can't believe they would do that on a short week.
CLUSTER 1334
We have approximately 20 licensors and managing payouts is a BIG problem for us.
Please let me know if anyone can help.Many Thanks,Carrie
If you are a user of Xero and Instafile, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and iwoca, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and CarVue, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and BizEquity, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Commusoft, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and PayFast, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Preno, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ClearJelly, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and OzForex, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Ranqx, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Shogo, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SalesIn, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and BlueVine, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Float, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Expensify, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Re-Leased, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SmartBiller, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and e360, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and FlexiTime, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Harvest, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Kounta, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Tanda, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Tymwise, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 1340
We're seeking users that can help us in the the very early stages of testing a new Xero Add-on.
If you are a user of Xero and CS Cart by 4Sprung, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Trineo Dime for Salesforce, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
We need to be able to do mail merges, track conversations, track progress of customer orders.
CLUSTER 1342
Or is there any way which fits with accounting standards to somehow collect it?Thank you for your support, if something is not clearly formulated please let me know.Regards,Christoph
This report would show those transactions which have been processed using a different GST code than the nominated GST code for the relevant Chart of Account.
all by FAIRPRICE XPRESSMay I know is this the best way to record such transactions?I found it incredibly tedious to create a bill for every receipt due to the small amounts.
CLUSTER 1343
>>> best would be a field where users can enter any information they like such as e.g.
Then tradesman will appear automatically on invoice.Also cant track any profitibility of tradesman
CLUSTER 1352
I was hoping it would be as easy as changing the current account number so it would re-sync.Thanks for your time.
Is it possible to apply a different rule to a bank fee transaction to the one automatically picked up Xero?
I want to select tracking categories on my fixed assets, so that the depreciation can be allocated to the different categories as specified.
The outside salespeople did not have to see all the invoices generated by the office or other salespeople as it clutters the invoice area on their phone.
CLUSTER 1354
This way the profit and loss statement is correct which is more important for tax purposes and I just won't use the bank feed as I don't really need to know what is in my account via xero.Ideas would be much appreciated.
I don't want my bookkeeper creating transaction from the bank rec without attaching an invoice.I would like a report that shows number of entries processed and the number of invoices attached.I would also like to know the number of hours each user is loged into xero.
CLUSTER 1357
How can I account for that?For example:Customer A owes us $5000.
That way I can tell that we have backup against every transaction.Is that possible?
Is anyone able to make any suggestions on how to get around this?
As far as I am aware I haven't changed any settings and I am not sure why this is now happening.
Is there any way to get around this issue?many thanks
Since then we have noticed that several users are complaining of issues.
CLUSTER 1358
Tax for insurances is 9.5% in UK.
And can not run this functionin the client until the action has been completed?
CLUSTER 1360
How can we reconcile the credit card processor amounts when they come in on our bank feed?
I'm needing to know how to print the 'Total cash in and out' graph off my dashboard please ??
If not how do I enter this tax refund amount?Thanks in advance.Cheers,Ben
I am updating the DD details to direct to my personal checking, but wondering how to clean this up.
CLUSTER 1373
I'm trying to figure out how to correctly account for Per Diem when traveling.I'm a sole proprietor, so the line between what's in Xero and what's personal is a little fuzzy.
In the new reports Display fields, it would be useful to have the Contact Account codes as either a column field or in the drop down for the "Group By" setting.
It would be really useful to be able to add the invoice for a fixed asset purchased or legal fees to make y.e accounts prep easier.
I think it would be great if we could set a default tax set up for receivable invoices, rather than Xero defaulting to the last setting used.
HelloJust wondering if you could please add the Last Year End comparative as an option on the new balance sheet reports.
I know I can Spend Money for the plastic payment of the main expense and assign that to the customer, but how to I record & assign the cash tip outlay?Suggestions?
)Basically Netfira Shop is an online store that can be used standalone or "plonked" into just about any existing web site by copying a single line of code.
CLUSTER 1377
If we do, how does he get paid for his sick leave?Any help would be appreciated.Regards,Joe
From this i have some idea of tax codes and how much each employee earns, hourly rate etc.
I have just joined a business which is currently using Xero and WorkflowMax and I am totally new to both of these products.
CLUSTER 1381
Also, I want when i make sales, the cost of sales is debited with the cost of the respective product.
Some of the main issues floating in my mind are:1) Do I need to set up an account for each online cusomer?
Or even bring forward the already saved income statement layouts that are in my profile, I can live with that.
If you are a user of Xero and POLi Payments NZ, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Automatically charge and send Late Fees, Service Charges, Payment Reminders and more.
CLUSTER 1382
Is it correct to have purchases under cost of sales?When we make a purchase, it doesn't mean that we made sales as well.I am using this for the first time and probably I am used in a different accounting system.Am I missing something?What I know is Sales - Cost of goods sold = Gross profitCost of goods sold = Cost of inventory in the beginning of the period + purchases - Inventory cost at the end of period.I made some purchases in the demo company and it changed the gross profit!!
Hi all,I would like to store my customers' credit card details to process payment on their behalf.Of course, they will have signed a contract authorising such a transaction before.I have seen that it may be possible using Stripe add-on, could someone acknowledge me on that?If not, how could I do it?Many thanks in advance for your helpful answers.Kind regards,Kevin Grainville
CLUSTER 1384
I constantly need to add more rule to fit similar cases.
With that I mean how do you order the Invoices you receive from suppliers (e.g.
I would appreciate any help as once I have done one month I will be find from then on!
Pretty annoying!Is there any way we can sort by account number PLEASE!
I'm not really worried about them being an exact match, but I need them to be as close as possible.
I need to re-assign all income transactions to newly created divisions.
CLUSTER 1387
How do i take the accounts receivable balance from $2M to zero?
I can't seem to find a the rent/lease or business property.
Anyone got a good system for this?Thanks in advance
Is there a way to ensure all customer payments are entered so that they can be reconciled?
How do I include 4 days in year end report?
Now we are at the end of the next reporting period so I have had to work out how to do the payroll.
CLUSTER 1391
We currently invoice on the last day of the month, however we pay our employees every fortnight.
Which tax rate is there available that I can use this for?When I purchase something from a supplier, what do I do with the tax listed on the invoice?
Hi,Is there any way to amend the accounts used in a paid expense claim?Thanks,Michael
CLUSTER 1395
Or else share details about how they record similar purchases?RegardsAlan
The web is way to dangerous to not require more from users with regards to passwords.
On one of them there is 2 pages with the second being blank, how do I remove this page?
CLUSTER 1396
I can't believe I have to ask this, it seems this should be very easy to figure out.I have a couple of inventory items, one of which I want to writeoff.
Xero is essentially just columns and rows of numbers and should easily fit into a window 960 pixels wide.
CLUSTER 1404
Is there a way around this as the feed hasn't been refreshed now for 2 weeks so have a lot of catching up to do already.
However, this quantity would need to be increased manually and I am not quite sure how to go about it.
I'm putting that cost in Xero as "485 - Subscription" is that the correct item to use?Cheers.
should be fairly simple to extract the data from Xero and summarise into one page manifest.
we're hosting an external Christmas Party - staff partners are welcome, but they need to pay2.
Does anyone currently have a good third party integration company that they have used to set this up?
CLUSTER 1409
Hi, I was wondering how I would go about categorizing a transfer between my bank accounts?
Have a question re using exchange rates in Canada if anyone could help me out.
Is it possible to add a quick access to Quotes from the Dashboard or anywhere else?
Any tips?Xero customers can apply online in less than 2 minutes.
CLUSTER 1416
We plan to build our cash reserves are with the intention of making some investments in public companies listed on the stock market on behalf of the business.
However, the Credit Card is technically paid by way of "Transfer" of funds from the main account to the Credit Card "Bank Account".
Can you please see if you can change the date function to remember the last date you entered for that report, so to stop the need for constantly re entering it.
Ultimately it would be ideal if we could widen the first column in the template by removing the unit amount and amount for the first line.
I have read a thread elsewhere that states I should create an accounts payable invoice for each item and pay this from the Business Credit Card account.
CLUSTER 1429
I have a client who send multiple sales invoices to the same client each month, is there a way to group together the sales invoices so that they all go in one email.
So that if a few accidentally got missed, it would be easy to pick up which ones need to be amended without having to go through every single journal
I need to be able to filter the Payable Invoice Summary on the "new reports" page as I need some detail for my month end reconciliations.
CLUSTER 1433
Hi there,Does anyone know if we can group the tracking options?
This is a challenge I have been bumping into lately and am looking for some other perspectives on how its being resolved.
Can anyone help with a good add on for UK payroll?
CLUSTER 1440
I would like to be able to flick between the different timesheets for each employee.
Should I transfer it all to a new dummy bank account as a work around?
It seems to mostly happen on the dates between statements.Is there any way this can be fixed?
Does anyone know of a Xero compatible check signing software?
How do I set up Square to be the credit card processor on my Xero account?
CLUSTER 1446
For example:Invoice Invoice Number from Tracking Category 1 for Contact NameInvoice Invoice Number from Tracking Category 2 for Contact NameThat way my clients will see the correct business they are receiving the invoice from - rather than my legal entity which is a trust and can confuse people.
It is currently hidden way in all reports on a tab called HMRC.It is not a report , it is a key managemnet activity to know that the VAT return has been filed.In payroll you have an RTI menu item, could we have one on the accounts menu for VAT submission status?ThanksIain
With the New W1 and W2 feature, we are an organisation that is required to pay PAYG monthly, and the W2 (or the 5A) is not recognizing these payments made as the quarter progresses.Is there a way for Xero to recognize these PAYG payments made on a monthly basis so that our 5A figure (or W2 figure) reflects payments made (outstandingW2) ?
CLUSTER 1447
I have a bank feed from the Credit Card into 1 of the businesses and so it is easy enough to reconcile transactions for that businesses.What is the best way to reconcile transactions for purchases made for the second company?
Just wondering how do i set up an apprentice correctly in payroll for wages, that will show the correct award which i have retrieved from fair-work instead of the ones showing in XERO.
For over one year I've been bugging Xero to create an automatic feed for business cards that use the Barclaycard Business backend (different from consumer cards which is just Barclaycard).
CLUSTER 1455
How do you allocate the direct debits against the bill?3.
Hello ,Can anyone help me with the setup of hero?
The email templates are still set up properly.
CLUSTER 1458
Some of my Clients continually need to know how close they are to the UK VAT threshold (some purposely running just under it).
1) Transactions are coming over twice in different "statements"2) Transactions are coming over with the WRONG Payee!
What is stopping us is that once we switch over, we would not be able to connect Xero to UPS and FedEx shipment.
CLUSTER 1459
Can anyone please help me understand how do I reconcile that?
Find & Recode is a terrific Xero advance.
If anyone could please help I'd be grateful.
CLUSTER 1461
Hello,Is there anyway I can work out the Customer Lifetime Value in Xero.
The invoices are coming over great, however, expenses are tracked as revenue.
Can anyone recommend a stock control add-on to Xero, please.
CLUSTER 1464
After a while, I went to forums to see if anyone else was having problems.
It has now reverted back to Outstanding - Why?Need this fixed again ASAP.
How can I account for those COGS accurately?Thanks in advance, Vanessa
Can anyone advise on the correct procedure for writing off stock?
Only to find that I now can not add a second tracking category?Is this a bug?
CLUSTER 1467
or an add-on possibly?all suggestions, comments are welcome.
Should I create a bill to satisfy the conversion balance?
CLUSTER 1468
We are in the Real Estate Business and are always adding new entities.
There is only one opportunity to MAP fields when you import a bank statement.
It is only possible if on Xero, at least one employee is still in the records.
This is the only way we can really isolate a profit and loss for a specific event.
CLUSTER 1473
Can anyone suggest a good accounting firm that works in both countries?
Is it possible to fix an exchange rate that does not change?Many thanks
I keep the fee and pass on the face value of each ticket to my client.
It connect through Xero API but not integrating on Xero end.Does any one did this before?
If you can make it so that we can turn the feature on/off as we please, that would be most appreciated.Thanks
Can you add a Download Payslip function that shows the employees details on it?
Is there any way that I can migrate my past accounts into Xero?Thanks,John
How do I set up payroll to be able to produce this result in the P&L?
CLUSTER 1475
This articles says that "it is customary to include a tax identification number (TIN) on invoices".
Then the other person paid back my share to my business account.How do a reconcile this in xero?Chris
I have currently been reconciling these transactions to 477 but have just seen a video that suggests I should be reconciling to 804.
If you are a user of Xero and Friendly Manager, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Zenefits Payroll, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Thankyou Payroll, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Postal Methods, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Smart Payroll, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and The Payroll Site, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 1478
Now that I'm earning revenue, I need to pay myself back.
There are a couple of issues that need to be addressed:1.
There are a few expenses that I want to reflect in the cost of these inventory.
If so how?I have just taken over this role and am bringing payroll into Xero.
CLUSTER 1480
Can anyone tell me a work around they have found?
Is there anyway to bill a percentage based fee?
Anyone else with experience with these sort of problems?
The up and down and left and right scrolls should be framing the screen.
Trial and error is up to approx 15 so far
Can anyone tell me how to change salary rate?
Any tips?Get your invoices paid faster!
CLUSTER 1482
> 0 and then the invoice amount shows correctly.Can anyone help?
Does anyone know how you export the Employee Contact Details as a CSV?
Current workflow to attach a scan to Xero invoice is:1.
I cannot edit or void a wrongly approved expense claim.
Hi all,How should I best process direct debit transactions in Xero?
How can I reduce this amount so I can pay the correct Annual Leave entitlement.
How do you remove past employees from the current timesheet list please?
Just wondering if there are other law firms or accountants who are using Chrometa in NZ.
CLUSTER 1483
I would like this to contain two columns, one for the date and the other for the amount - as would be possible on Sage.Xero will show receipts, however, it is only possible to see these when an invoice is opened, which is not sufficient for our requirements.Does anyone know how we can do this or an add-on which may help?Many thanksPaul
This adds the ability to customise the quotes better as you can't have 500 different templates and you templates are also only up to 1MB which is way too small for professional looking quotes with a cover letter, scope or job, terms and conditions etc.Thanks
CLUSTER 1484
Hi There,How do I transfer the subscription/billing from one 'organisation' to another within my Xero?
The Contractors pay a percentage of their income as a service fee and are then paid the remainder as their wages.
I've been trying to setup our account for days now and really need it going right away.
CLUSTER 1487
I like to keep Xero open all the time and I find it annoying to continually login through out the day after been automatically logged out.I think it would be a valuable feature for those people who are already in secured locations for an option to be present where they are not automatically logged out.
Is there anyway of setting an email template to a customer or a branding theme?This would really solve a few issues for us.We've also set the customers into groups, based on the brand as we use a different Statement template for each brand.
CLUSTER 1489
Is it possible to set a "default" checking account in Xero?
There is no way to contact anyone other than support@xero.com.
How do I reconcile the employee portion against the bulk transfer amount?
Is someone using payroll in xero for over 100 employees?
is there anyone i can speak to about this or will this take 24hours to receive a response?
CLUSTER 1497
I have not entered an invoice into the system.When reconciling bank accounts I reconcile an entry .. at that point I want to attach an invoice .jpgI cant see how to do this.I know I can do it is I manually enter an invoice .. but if I do it via reconciliation the invoice is completed for me.When reconciling ..
We can't live without Xero.We've moving all our payroll to Xero now and timesheeting but need multiple people (users) to approve it.Staff flip between many projects and checking their timesheets by multiple people is important.
however considering i my company was set up in April and my first VAT filing period is 31/August (i.e my first VAT period is April/2016 to August/2016)Now it is getting very trickier to assign a custom VAT period in Xero.
CLUSTER 1502
Is there a way of setting our defaults so that users are forced to put VAT inclusive figures in on the Purchase orders and invoices.
The 1099 Report should allow for the missing items per vendor to show up in that column, and not just say Missing Details.
CLUSTER 1503
How can I get a timesheet approved from other employees who are also on the payroll
I also don't see that I, as a user, should ask our customers to do this either.
CLUSTER 1504
Hi There, Can xero please add automatic leave reminder send to their employer?
Our employees are on a fixed weekly salary regardless of how many hours they work in the week.
They are wondering if they do this on Sage whether all of the payroll and auto enrollment data can then be transferred to Xero.
CLUSTER 1509
I'm assuming it's because the Xero reports are including categories that the IRS doesn't count as deductions - like State & Federal Taxes.
Is this possible, I dont want to create 4 invoices with the total split 4 ways.CheersMike
CLUSTER 1511
Users should be able to customize which columns are visible for their own needs.
Can you add this feature and allow us more flexibility with the logos?
CLUSTER 1513
I would have to log on to their website in order to view the invoices.I was just wondering what would be the best way to deal with these bills.
Would like to have direct feeds (like the bank feeds) for the Australian Taxation office client accounts
It would be great if the staff could put in their own shift hours, i.e the time that they clock on and off shift.
I'm trying to use if statements to create a template that changes depending on the current status of the invoice...Thanks!
CLUSTER 1524
HiI am trying to account for an employees expense claim that includes mileage for use of their own car.As I'm sure a lot of you are aware, for mileage you only account for the VAT on the fuel element of the claim (depending on the size of the engine),  So when I enter the amount on Xero for mileage I can only seem to either choose VAT at a set percentage ie 20% or no VAT.
If Xero can have 'click super' remove superannuation payments from the organisation bank account, why do we have to manually download an ABA file and upload it to our bank to process the payroll payments?Can this not been setup to be done automatically after any editing and approval?Also, can each payment be processed individually, not in a batch, so that they can be reconciled more easily?
CLUSTER 1527
Or doing the rounding on an individual line item basis (vs the total) throwing off all sales tax reporting.
Please help--I can't think that other people don't need to make journal entries effecting checking accounts!
I would be interested to know why Xero believe I should be locked out of my own accounts system if I don't touch it for 30 minutes.
CLUSTER 1536
Hi I am still using basic PAYE tools for wages, how do I reconcile a single bank payment to HMRC into accounts 825 PAYE, 479 EMP NI,  826 NI.
We supply a range of products to a number of different customers that have multiple branches.It would be a handy feature to be able to have a report that could show which of those branches are purchasing what products
HiCan anyone advise if there is a way where I can allocate my client's operating expenses back into each program we've created under Tracking?For example, I would like to allocate the Office Expenses to Program 1, Program 2...
CLUSTER 1538
The report needs to show gross, VAT and net, client name and date.
Anyone know where I can find the voided invoices and/or whether I can remove the attachment?Olly
CLUSTER 1541
How do I record this in Xero without voiding the whole invoice?
Should I go to the original payment, unreconcile it and create the overpayment there?
This is very, very frustrating and is a big black mark on Xero as an application.
What I would like is a list of cheques and transfers.Thanks
It is designed to provide maximum output for minimum input.
it's a 'must have' feature for me and the way it works on xero is perfect.
CLUSTER 1548
How would I record my "opening balance" or initial deposit to open the checking and savings accounts from within Xero?
I have 3 clients and need a way to track expenses, time spent on projects, and be able to bill these clients.
When importing sales from a CSV file xero should be able to match the description and price from the inventory item code.
I have set up a payment plan and am wanting to know how to credit the amount to an income tax payable liability account.
CLUSTER 1549
Does anyone know how I can claim this back from HMRC?
Has anybody any experience of posting more invoices and what happens!
I need to VOID cheque created in XERO.
We take money either by cash or credit.
CLUSTER 1550
Is there any way to specify which G/L accounts appear in the report, or which transaction types (ie, NOT 'Manual Journals')?
A good process (which applies to almost everything else in Xero), is that an item should move from one state to another.
Is there anyone UK based who has done xero / Directli integration and can chat through a couple of concerns before I import customers?
Hi,Is Xero down as I keep getting a server error messageReference #3.87611f45.1456265809.1ac924f8
CLUSTER 1557
I converted my books from Quickbooks.#1 - How is the statement balance calculated in Xero?
(Or multiple transactions because Mortgage Interest does not attract GST)Thanks a lotBrett
Is that a journal entry idea and if so can someone break it down for me?Much appreciated for the assistance!
It has come to my attention that Xero is not handling payroll properly on tipped employees.
Does anyone know if this is possible or if there is anything else I can do to recover the lost information?
When I have a question about a feature or what the ramifications are of a choice, it's rarely ever answered by the documentation.
CLUSTER 1559
My invoice numbers are going up in twos ie 115,117,119 how can I stop this from happening?
Is there some reason that Xero can't receive them at the same time as BankLink?Greg NewmanWK Advisors & Accountants Ltd
Anyone know anything about this, and how to resolve it?I use NatWest in the UK if this is relevant.Thanks in advance.
CLUSTER 1560
Is there a way to fix the opening balance against the inventory?
Will I need to set up a brand new account?
Does anyone out there use Roster Elf and if so how do you find it.
CLUSTER 1566
My understanding is that the way to achieve this is with a manual journal entry, but when I tried to do this, the sum total of the journal entries had to be zero.
I have had an employee ask if i could send his payslip to 2 email addresses; is this possible - if not is it possible to make it so?
CLUSTER 1574
In our case, this supplier will invoice over a period of time with a number of invoices, not all at once.There is no easy way to ensure at any given point in time (notes at the bottom of the page is useless), what the balance remaining on the PO, and therefore the contract, is.
In our case, this supplier will invoice over a period of time with a number of invoices, not all at once.There is no easy way to ensure at any given point in time (notes at the bottom of the page is useless), what the balance remaining on the PO, and therefore the contract, is.
CLUSTER 1575
Is this possible, and if so, what's the best way to achieve this?I have seen than there are two main options for a loan account: setting up a 'bank' account, or setting up a liability account.
Hi, I'm running a consulting business and have been booking travel costs and accommodation incurred on an assignment to the out of the box Travel and Accommodation expense items on the chart of accounts.
I do not understand how there can still be an allowance or deduction showing when there is no amounts showing on the Payroll Activity Details Report.Is anyone able to advise me as to how I can remove these allowances from the payment summaries
CLUSTER 1578
We use Stripe to take card payments for our invoices via the 'pay online' link.We have a client who will be making a pre-payment and to do this, would like to pay by card using the link in the invoice.The tricky thing is, after that we would like to invoice against the pre-payment, but obviously it's already going to be allocated against the first invoice.Can anyone suggest a neat way around this that won't leave our books looking messy?
If customers are in the UK or EU, then I need to reconcile them as VAT liable, if they are outside the EU, then I want to reconcile them as No VAT.However, the PayPal feed does not contain a Country column, so the only way to know which way to reconcile each transaction is to look them up individually, in my sales system, which is time-consuming.Is there a way of including the country information in the feed from PayPal, so I can see at a glance where the customer is from?Thanks for any adviceAndrew
We are a small business that relies on timely financial information, and if the bank feeds are not working, it would be nice of Xero to inform those of us whom are affected.I don't expect Xero "Support" to respond any time soon, as we are one of those hugely dissatisfied Xero customers that Xero ignores.CX0003337308 Lets see how long it takes "support" to respond.
CLUSTER 1579
Hi there.We are using Xero in conjunction with Tradegeko's stock / inventory management system.We have a problem where, on the P&L report, our COGS are way to low......has anyone else experienced this?Any pointers or advice gratefully received.Kind RegardsNick
I have been back and forward with Xero Customer Care (bank feed help) but appear no closer to the issue being resolved.I would love to know if you have had problems connecting in this time period (Dec14-Jan15) how you resolved it?Also how do I escalate an issue?
CLUSTER 1582
There is no qty as its not an inventory item, its just an insurance expense.
This creates lots of problems.Is this a feature that is on the way?
Hi,I am having a very annoying issue with Xero Payroll.
CLUSTER 1591
As of now, it seems like the only way to get rid of these is to go into each repeating journal to delete it.
Does anyone have any work arounds or ways to get he bank feed sorted out please?
CLUSTER 1597
I have entered the receipts into xero under expenses and just figured out that there is also Purchases.Now I'm not sure if I have done it incorrectly.
This functionality is in Phreebooks and worked great, but their product is aging and lacking functionality so I moved to Xero.
Would love to see Bank Feeds available for Xero from the Greater Building Society.
In such case how do I report payroll related expenses and liabilities in P&L and BS for a month?
Now I see that my employees did not receive pay for those days.How do I change the time off to "Paid Sick Leave"?
CLUSTER 1607
hi, anyone know how to reconcile a bill paid by cash in the XERO?
I would like to see some business performance graphs that can be added to the dashboard.
Link by Xact Software, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 1608
How do I add FX rate on USD deposit into USD account?
Point is: I can't assign a pre-set tax rate to all of my transactions.
I have to pay/reconcile them but I can't.Any help is much appreciated.Thanks,tim7ad
CLUSTER 1611
Though I'm not sure how I can associate those costs properly against the startup advance.Of course, I also need to understand how to zero out this prepayment on a future invoice when the time comes.I am considering that it may be easier to just treat this as service income (since that is what it will eventually be) and then when the time comes, just reduce the final invoice by $2,500 as a means to reduce the complexity.
Now all of our clients have been using Xero for months, if not years, some of them producing and/or receiving hundreds of invoices per month, the transactions being listed oldest first is becoming very inconvenient as it can take such a long time to get to where it is most likely you need to review input i.e.
CLUSTER 1614
Hi,I am wondering how Xero will calculate annual leave for directors.
We currently integrate with Quickbooks software, any similarities as far as integration.
CLUSTER 1620
Does anyone know how to stop this from happening and for it to automatically copy the description entered in the transaction narration?
My thinking is that why should I pay tax on a tax debt?Hope that makes sense to you all...thank you in advance...Annelize
CLUSTER 1632
My business is new to Xero, just started using 4 months ago.
Is it possible it add the invoice number placeholder into the receipt email template?
Termination of an Employee is currently terrible for paying out leave and easily fixable.
But it seems like it should be possible to do what I want.Any ideas would be much appreciated!
Hi,Is it normal practice for customers to wait over 48 hours for a response?
CLUSTER 1634
How do I account for software purchases in the following scenarios;1.
I will try my best to explain it......I have a contact that is both a supplier and a customer.
Do I need to file an expense claim for my per diems, then?
Or even per Invoice.Is something like this possible?
Can anyone recommend a Global Gateway system that will do the job?
There is no way of doing this now without adding up the individual payment amounts.
This is very frustrating as I have done it 3 times already and it has not saved any of them.
CLUSTER 1647
Currently once an employee has submitted a timesheet, the only options are to REJECT or APPROVE.
It seems crazy that it should default to American states for a UK company.
Just been doing payroll and employees tax category is tax free threshold.
Xero's response: balance of Holiday Pay should be $500.00.
Any tips?Grow your business with Email, SMS and Social marketing.
CLUSTER 1648
If I pass credit not to this accounts payable how I am going to reconcile the creditors control account with the accounts payables ledger accountsWhat can the options be?ThanksMona
Why in the name of all that is holy can we not just define a date range for smart lists via a couple date pickers like every other reporting system under creation?
Sometimes this will happen several times before the import works and imports all of the sales invoices in the file.It's time consuming and turning taking about 30 minutes extra than it should.
Wrong email and address with incorrect contact.How do I remove the last import and start again OR fix this!Need help urgently to send invoices!!!
CLUSTER 1651
How long until the TaxTouch app will be available for Android users?Thanks!
Has anyone come across clients using Expensify with Xero?
CLUSTER 1652
HiDuring monthly review of GL accounts, several hotel conference room hires or restaurant deposits need to be transferred from Expense to Prepayments.
We would like to pay US contractors using the Xero Batch Payment mechanism.For this to work, we need the contractor's bank details and TIN/SSN.
I went to Report>Account Payable Report and generated AP report but could not generate a report, this report did not pick overpayment transaction.How can I generate such report?Help please.
I need to add an employees leave balance in for annual leave + personal leave from FY 15 & FY 16 ( Annual leave should  = 52hr 12min) .
I have two other employees that were able to enter time for 3/20/2016 with no problems.What can I do to get the 3/20 and 3/27 and 4/3 pay periods to show up for this worker?
CLUSTER 1658
How do I ensure these transactions are not seen by Xero as income and included in the total reporting of income?
If you are a user of Xero and Receipt Bank, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 1660
I've tried importing an empty statement, but that doesn't work.
original cost etc.What is Xero plans for this.
Often the detail on the credit note can be important.---
!Has anyone else had this or knows how to solve it please?
CLUSTER 1661
Dear Xero support,is it possible to add "Reason" field on the Credit note template?It is often skipped to be added on the Credit notes.
Even if I do net pay with aje's with non integrated service.Also, how does Xero handle sales tax filings and reports.
CLUSTER 1664
I would like some help with the PAYE transactions and how to reconcile them.
Is it possible to restore the data backed up as on a particular day.
I'm new to Xero so forgive me if this feature is available and I've missed it.
This is a minor issue but quite irritating & a simple fix.
There should be some sort of document to verify that the payment has been received by the supplier .
Hi All,We have taken on a client who is now a little weary about Xero.
CLUSTER 1667
After I had received the payment (which effectively told me what my sales were), I'd add a line to the Yearlong Invoice for that month, then receive the payment against the new total.
Shouldn't the VAT amount show as 20% of the £5.50 sale value - that would be 91p?Can anyone advise on this please?
they should accrue less leave in a 28 day month like Feb than in a 31 day month like Mar.
Batches of Daily Takings Sheets are accumulated then mailed to the accountant every so often, this delays accurate input into Xero.
CLUSTER 1670
Would you consider creating an 'SMSF' pricing plan at say $10/month?
HiIt would be good if you could trigger notifications from Xero for the following:1.
Menu > Contacts > Add NewDoes anyone else think this would be handy?
Currently the only way I've been able to reconcile these transactions is to use "minor adjustment".Thanks.
I'm just paying one employee and it's very simple and straightforward, but I didn't know how I should handle this and code this in Xero.
If you are a user of Xero and Nimbus Portals, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Hike Pos, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Synergy 8, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Sush.io, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Carbon Analytics, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and MP Travel, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ELAP Cloud, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Fooman Limited, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Alive Docs, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Solve360 By Norada, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 1671
Then when a sale is made Stock on Hand would decrease and COGS would increase.But now I often see something like a Purchases account that is used for purchases of stock, instead of Stock on Hand.
Uploaded .csv with credits and debits (-ve values).Transactions are correct and are reconciled.Account transactions report shows credits as debits and vice versa.Account balance is based on credits / debits being switched.How do I fix this?
CLUSTER 1672
This feature would be great if it could be extended to iOS systems as well.
All these details are on the statements already, just need to be able to get it happening automatically.
The only thing is.... no such place exists.By the way, I'm in the UK and I've never heard of 'Yodlee'.
It can't be a proportion of the days worked in a year, else the full month (i.e.
There seem to be several approaches we could take, can anyone offer any recommendations?
CLUSTER 1673
Hi , I have a client who has three different companies, I need to set him up on three different xero file as they are all different from each other.
Should I use 'create'  and code it to 881(owner A funds introduced)?Also, why 881 is under 'current liability' account?
A $100 debit (cash withdrawal) and a $100 credit (the bank's reversal of that transaction at the same time)How do I match these transactions?
I would preferably like a way to print this list out so I could post it so members know how much they need to pay.
I pass across the transactions from Receipt Bank and they look fine that end.I hope you can help as this is driving me crazy.RegardsNeville
CLUSTER 1675
Ideally with this feature, we would like to be able to create a Report per client (LOB), but often we also need to select just a specific project within that Client.
He wants to know if there is any way the pay templates can show the unusual hours per day for payslips (not as 38 hours per week)?Thanks.
I now understand that the integration is only one-way Clio --> Xero.Please allow for two-way integration in order to cancel redundancies in recording payments received.
Hey guys,I'm looking for the best way to reconcile sales within Xero for an Australian based online retail store built on the Shopify platform.
CLUSTER 1679
Our team have commented over the last months that Xero performance is falling away and downtime seems to be increasing...  Is this just us or are more experiencing the same?Alby - DNA Off Road Pty LtdMelbourne Australia
"Currently I need to click each invoice, select Date Paid, select Paid To, then Add Payment.Am I doing something wrong?My workflow is: Shopify --> StitchLabs --> Xero.Any help or insight is appreciated.
CLUSTER 1689
Any advice from anyone having similar issues would be appreciated.
I found a payment in my bank statement which didn't match any invoices.
Any advice from anyone having similar issues would be appreciated.
Is there some way to split a transfer like that in 2?ThanksJustin
CLUSTER 1692
And if so, what is journal entry needs to be entered?a)	My initial thought was to enter a journal for £1,100 – credit the Insurance (Expense) so it would show £100 expense in the P&L for January.b)	But, where would the other side go?
Hi,I have a client and I've agreed they can settle a bill within an 18 month period with installments.Can I create an invoice and set the due date for 18 months and just reconcile payments as they come in?Or is there a better way?Thanks
This will eliminate the need to remember which quote was used for which client, so that it can be copied for a new quote for a different client.If this is possible, then possible it can be used for Invoice templates as well, in cases where quotes are not used.
CLUSTER 1695
Wouldn't it be great if Xero could develop an online statement payment option or a multiple invoice payment option so that payment details are input once for all invoices or for a selected number of invoices?
Also, does this mean that my profit on cost of goods sold would not be recorded for individual item reporting purposes?I want a simple, no fuss method if anyone has suggestions!!!!
CLUSTER 1708
Hello,Some of my clients set up direct debit and I am assuming that they will keep on paying that way.How do I mark 'repeating invoices' as paid in advance for clients that have set up direct debit?The issue is that for example they pay on 12th April and my Repeating invoice for that client is 23rd April.
Hi,I am a new user of Xero, and am surely liking it.The Reports section for Aged Receivables gives list of ALL invoices that are made against a customer.However, we are used to sending STATEMENT TO CUSTOMER FOR ONLY THE OVERDUE INVOICES.Is there any way or any Report available currently with which we can take CUSTOMER WISE STATEMENT FOR ONLY THE OVERDUE INVOICES, and not ALL invoices ?Please assist.Thank you.
CLUSTER 1714
Could the item list be cached locally to make this (a lot) faster?I'd be happy to break all these issues out into separate topics to be voted on, but I thought it might be useful to discuss the efficiency of invoice item entry as a whole here.
It would make it easier if we can add a description for each repeat invoice just to easily identify it in the list.Also - It would be great if there was a way of copying an existing repeating invoice and then amending it for a new client.
So that should be below the tax and NIC threshold, should it not?• Assuming I am wrong, and there are NIC contributions to pay, I can't seem to change my EYU to draft and update to put in the correct details• There was a duplicate submission for April, so HMRC thinks we paid ourselves double the amount.
CLUSTER 1716
Hi, Sorry if this has been answered before but I really need to work this out.We received a batch payment each day for our EFTPOS transactions from TYRO.
How do I record a transaction where I would use tracked inventory on hand for a job w/o directly billing the customer for that inventory?
When you click on Date options in reports - they are very frustrating.A calendar or recent date option would be good.For instance I am in the Balance Sheet.
Is there any way to modify the title of the imported bill/expense report in Xero to give a more user-friendly reference code?
CLUSTER 1717
I need to file a VAT return ASAP, as need help FAST!
Can you please add the ability to resize and delete online columns we see.
I've got about 100 receipt in Xero that don't have the description, is there a watch to batch edit these?
Do we need to?Can't find ANY help on PAYG issues in the support section...Rene
CLUSTER 1719
How then do I recognise the £0.32 that has been paid to Paypal is there a simple way to do it or do I need to include the fee in my Sale somewhere?
Hi guys -I used the online help recently to learn how to reimburse an employee though the payroll feature of Xero.
We have a potential new client we could convert from MYOB to Xero but they use Ostendo for their job costing and inventory - manufacturing company.
CLUSTER 1721
When I look at the details of an account or run an account analysis it would be nice to be able to show the source of funds used for that particular amount.
Sometimes when you try to use it, the results are hidden behind the lower part of the screen rendering it useless (see linked image).
YippyBut not in Wages and Salaries, it looks like both sides of the transaction is in this section as a Debit, could you please advise on how I go about fixing this
It also complicates verifying the information since it is not saved in the way I arranged it and adds even more time to the process since it cannot easily be looked over.
CLUSTER 1726
Xero does not link directly with Moneris and I am wondering if there is anyone that has found a work around so that invoices would show as paid once collected through moneris?
I just had a Practice Review and the reviewer suggested that the cover page of my financial statements should contain the words "Unaudited - see Notice to Reader".
GreetingsI just had to change the email address of a supplier, so a very quick editfollowed by a lengthy scroll to the boom of the page, 3 screens down, toclick on "save".
They are not horrendous but many pages seem to take up to 4 seconds to load and to strive for a desktop experience you need to get that down to around 200ms.
HiI have a client who has processed an employees wage in December 2016 & January 2017 with a pre-tax deduction that should have been a post tax deduction.
Users have the ability to discount and mark up prices by amount, percentages, price override and flat amount (for services).The sequence of discounts that can be applied is:1.
CLUSTER 1727
The statement that I send to my client does not show how many days overdue a certain invioce is.
Could you please consider an option to turn off payroll journals (perhaps hidden though).
CLUSTER 1729
You've reconciled all the transactions for this account" screen, how are you to know which bank account to jump to, to continue your reconciliation tasks?Well I'll tell you how!
From what I can tell, the only way that I can enter in the correct invoice number is to go into each bill an manually enter the bill number - which is 'very' time consuming.
Is it possible to add  to an invoice once payment has been received when we need to print and send confirmation to the customer?I'm a new user.Thank you
CLUSTER 1730
We are a small Not For Profit industry association wanting to implement the NSCOA* as our new Chart of Accounts in Xero.
We are looking to integrate Vend with Xero so each staff member would have an account that at the end of the week would be paid out.
I would normally date the journals 31st March, this way the wages show up in our P&L for March.
Once you've finalised the count, bills are transferred directly and in real-time to your Xero account, awaiting approval.
CLUSTER 1731
As in, one of our services (rarely) is computer repair.
If anyone is using iZettle, how do you overcome this problem?
Does anyone know how to archive an inventory item?
I need to set up a check system for my company.
CLUSTER 1733
How can I create a batch of creditors over more than 1 page?Thanks
Any help and advice will be very much welcomed.Thx Laura
Identify inventory item as  requiring a serial number.
CLUSTER 1737
Similar issue some items we sell are GST free (water, juice, salad, ect).Thanks,PAul
It would be very useful to be able to see a complete listing of all details entered for all employees (with filters available) in the one report.
I notice the UK & NZ sites have an ability to set a new salary from a date - any such ability on the Aussie site?
I'm not quite sure how this can be changed but Xero need to look into this and find a propper solution to make the Tax report correct.
When the orders are exported from Shopify to Xero they are all showing as received to our bank account, rather than being split between Payfast and Bank.
CLUSTER 1741
I need to invoice clients in ROI in Euros.
Timesheets need to sync back to Xero.
CLUSTER 1745
They neutralised.Effectively I need to neutralise expenses I charge instead of overstating sales and expenses.ThanksStephen
This will be especially useful for people who are migrating from other accounting platforms and need to set up hundreds of repeating invoices.
At present the description area of an invoice cannot be modified enough when large amounts of text are required.
Has anyone else run two versions of xero in this way and how have they found it, can it be done under one log in?
If I were to sell this business to my partner is there a way I could break off that subscription into its new own account somewhere down the road?
Any tips?Manage your personal finances with automatic Live Bank Feeds and powerful cashflow forecasting.
CLUSTER 1750
i need to reconcile my bank by matching a payment  to the right customer balance.how do you do that?
Great.I run the P&L by Department and the staff salaries don't show!!!
Hi our clients are requesting the ability to utilise xero for personal data.
Just want to ensure all transactions are reconciled at the end of the month.Thank you in advance.
Invoices paid via Stripe are less common.Thanks for any help!
CLUSTER 1756
Is there a way that I can manually enter the bank balance per the beginning of this year, to then reconcile all of this years transactions manually?
These are any business's secret, and it is not possible to make this available easily to user who use the data entry for Expenses and Income.
Could tracking be added to a checking account to define each division's revenue and expenses, and report on each accordingly?
How about a check box for each Bank / Credit card account rather than just the ability to choose one account or all accounts
I would like for us to be paid based on an annual salary and to be paid at the middle and end of the month.1.
CLUSTER 1759
Slick right?There is no way that I can find to include the receipts for the expenses with the invoice automatically.
If you are a user of Xero and Roster Planet, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Expense Magic, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 1768
This would be useful to me because I use an Access database for my invoicing and export the invoices to Xero regularly.
Is there a way to display the name of the account along with its zero  balance when running an income statement report?
Hi, We need to set up another template for a client whom we invoice for periods of time that vary every month.
Any tips?BarTab is the iPad-based EPOS system that has been transforming the way pubs and bars do business.
CLUSTER 1770
When approving draft invoices one by one you are prompted to apply payments if there are any available on the customer's account.It would be great to receive this same prompt when approving bulk draft invoices.
As an example, if someone has bought 4 items, each sold for £10 with a cost of £5 for me, the first line of £5 is entered into my Cost of Goods Sold and the total £40 is entered into my Sales.
CLUSTER 1784
Do any items that are added to the new fixed assets register automatically get picked up on your Trial Balance?
How do I split or apportion depreciation expense over various teams using the Auto-Depreciate feature in the FAR?
We are on the road a lot... and I would definitely be able to get more done if the Xero app was capable of doing more than just invoices.
CLUSTER 1789
I'm assuming I need to add a new "Earning Type" but should it be set up as "Cash Tips" and what expense account should it be linked to?
I have just noticed that my reconcile report has many entries, some from 2014 that were reconciled and are now all showing as un reconciled.I have no idea why this is or what has happened.
There is no way to change the contact or go back to "all" contacts...is there a way to just reset the template back to the Xero defaults?
Im after a system where i can control by debtors a bit better, send email reminders when not payed or email me when not payed.
My goal is to set this up so it is tracked and reported correctly, and I just don't have enough knowledge in accounting to truly understand what needs to happen.
I have a client who are currently using Code House Integrated Payroll (CHIP) to manage their database and do the weekly payroll.
CLUSTER 1795
If you are a user of Xero and My Business Manager, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Check Business, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
We would *love* to get your thoughts on the integration as we seek the blessing of the Xero following!
CLUSTER 1802
Now, check 2 is showing voided and it will not let me unvoid.Any suggestions??
I assume the "second" quarter can then be ticket to cover Late Claims.
I am not sure how to most efficiently reconcile MEMNET, the bank and eWay accounts.
Just reaching out to see if anyone else is using XERO in Argentina.
Is there another way I could send them an 'outstanding balance' each month?
We added a new line under "personal/carer's leave" is that correct?
CLUSTER 1805
Hi there,I need a difference of opinion in our office sorted so I can instruct staff how to treat things!From an accounting perspective how do you treat Integrated Client Account balances and the GST, PAYGW and PAYGI on the balance sheet when BAS are lodged past the due date i.e.
If information on the amount of GST applicable to each bill was available on the awaiting approval tab, it would speed up the approval process greatly as most of the approvals would occur from within the awaiting approval screen rather than by clicking each individual invoice.
Is there any way that when the draft is change the repeating invoice is automatically updated.Or maybe when approve is selected Xero ask weather you would like to update the repeating invoice "Yes/No"?.This would save a lot of time.ThanksMelinda
Hi Guys,I have just moved to Xero from Sage One.I would like my document numbering to continue from where I left off.E.G PO0200 and INV0900.I know in Sage, there is the option to set where your documents start numbering from - I havent managed to find this in Xero.Is there a way to do it?
CLUSTER 1814
Is there any way I can pull a report on everything that has been entered that included the same reference #?
One of the reasons we've chosen Xero is that we work as a remote team.
Should I still worry about this or just start from 1 July 2015 onwards now?
Hi, I'm a newbie for xero, so I don't really know how xero work.
CLUSTER 1816
You need to pay multi-currency invoices indivdually.'
Do I have to manually mark each one as paid, or is there a better option?
I can void Invoices but not credit notes am I missing something?
Any tips?FoodStorm is web based catering software.
Thank you for coming back to me so promptly, it is much appreciated.
CLUSTER 1819
I used SAP previously and just need to DR AP(customer account) and CR inter- company loan.
We find that often our clients and their bookkeepers will place a payment against an invoice if they know a customer has paid or that they have paid a supplier.
When printing/emailing statements, for the system to default to the branding/theme assigned to the customer and held on the contact records.
CLUSTER 1823
My books in QuickBooks are reconciled up to the 22nd of July.
I have an invoice that we are slowly paying off on a weekly basis.
Hi there,Can you please tell me how to pay a bonus?
Any tips?Manage any field service business.
Xero is a great online accounting system.
CLUSTER 1827
Is there a way to reconcile with a bank statement as well?
I would like pricing tiers in inventory.
In case I should also adjust the tax, how is the computation?
If anyone can help, it would be gratefully received.
This info is also imported from Cliniko to Xero.
CLUSTER 1833
The only way to view the post dated balance is to run a reconciliation report.
Just the ability for a FA to post a note that any other FA in that Xero org can see.
Here is how our still free   program makes Xero far faster and more accurate.
CLUSTER 1834
It would be a great addition if XPM could have a "Place of Birth" field for individuals (probably next to client's Date of Birth) .This feature will come in handy when setting up a new business or applying for business, as this is one of the mandatory field for such applications.
I would like to b able to have multiple online payment options on one invoice.For example:GoCardless & PaypalThe client could choose to pay via Gocardless or pay via PayPal.Does anyone know how to do this?
CLUSTER 1837
An automatically generated email would help tremendously.
Most of our clients are not Xero users so xero to xero is no use.
I could not find a way to do a straight export to Highrise.
CLUSTER 1839
Is it possible to set off items against each other within one account, e.g.
New client does NOT have online banking; how do I add their bank info from a pdf?
But what I'm having trouble getting my head around is how to handle the payment side of things.
Do I need to set up separate Western Union accounts in Xero for each currency?
However as they are responsible for our stock control they do need access to the Xero inventory.
HiI have a contractor working for me who is paid a fixed fee per fortnight.
Our existing integration with Shopify is 5-star rated Xero Add on.
There are some simple things that seem a bit off the pace for a  forward thinking software.
CLUSTER 1841
How do I reconcile the insurance payment received?Many thanksKathryn
Anyone know of issues with PayPal feed not updating?
A great feature would be an integration with CS Cart.
Is it possible to share a Supplier record between multiple organizations?
CLUSTER 1844
HiI would be useful if you could add payment service fields to the custom docx for statements.
It would be a handy snapshot to know how much the recurring invoices are adding up to each month outside of other invoices.
Our employee has had payroll processed from MYOB for the last 3 weeks and I would like to have this reflect to Xero.
CLUSTER 1845
My cash turnover for those three days is &#163;1575 (which needs to show in my "Sales" account), but my cash deposits for those three days is only &#163;1425 (where do i record this so that xero doesn't think it is additional revenue)I have other questions but will leave it there for now.
Currently the pay is processed based on the number of hours that an employee works which means that if an employee has worked more then the standard weekly hours, there ends up being a negative hours line item on the payslip in order to bring the weekly pay in line with their annual salary.
CLUSTER 1846
I would love to see Xero increase the upload file size limit from 1MB to 5MB for custom invoice templates.The only way I am able to ensure that my company logo appears on an invoice PDF in an 'uncrushed / uncompressed' way is to past a vector object into the Word template.
A client has a year end of 31st March and started using Xero on the 1st April.However, their VAT quarters are Apr, Jul, Oct & Jan.The VAT Return up to April-14 was completed via their old accounting software.What is the best way of getting the April transactions into Xero, without them impacting on the VAT return?
CLUSTER 1847
I then went to watch tutorials to see what I did wrong and it mentioned my scenario and I should have used Remove/Undo instead,How can I get rid of these extra transactions?
Xero keeps seeing the 2 payments as 1:1 ($1AUD = 1$USD) and I can't seem to change the ex rate.Cheers
On my Profit and Loss statement i expect to have the following partOpening StockPurchasesTOTAL Cost of SalesClosing StockSo the question is: what is the Account Type of Closing Stock?
A scenario might look like this...Client AProject 1Project 2Project 3I need to be able to report a P&L for each project.
Also, the $100 spent at the time of sale equates to a $4 sale for me, so how would I input this data into XERO,Thanks in advance,Bob"
Or do I have to create a new account (in my previous accounts package it was 1002 near Stock so perhaps 600-700 in Xero)?TIA!SimonPS.
if not is there an add-on available that provide this functionality?secondly, as a plant grows from sapling to a full grown plant it is transferred to a different size pot.
Hi, I'm looking for instructions on how I should record a shareholder's loan.I have already transferred $10,000 into my company bank account as a shareholder's loan.
If an organisation pays $10k for Bartercard dollars and they receive $45k in Bartercard dollars (the $45k does not hit the bank accounts), how do you deal with it in Xero?
If I have 3 checks to deposit - and mark them as paid, is there a way to print out deposit slip, indicating which checks came in and a total for the bank deposit?
Xero's averaging methods are essentially too precise, calculating depreciation at the scale of days or months, and thus don't pair well with the coarse (antiquated?)
!- can you also have the report default displayed in date order, for the same reasons as aboveIt would be great if this can be done, it would assist sooo much!
My proposal would  be to add further functionality to the contacts area - particularly being able to process batch payments for paid supplier and customer invoices.
If the workpapers are printed, it makes sense to have the supporting documentation directly behind the main workpaper, as that's how you would normally create a workpaper file.
The sales tools in Xero are rudimentary at best as it seems sales and CRM related features have taken the backseat to bookkeeping features in Xero.
Too many clicks to obtain what we could see with one click beforehand.Many thanks for you help on this one.DeniseWe Clear junk
It is requiring work to be done outside of Xero and not allowing the use of those built in reports and takes away from some of the efficiency's Xero is trying to create.
We would also love it if email addresses for Invoice Reminders could be linked to individual invoices rather than to the customer in general so we wouldn't have this problem!
CAN WE PLEASE HAVE COPIES OF BILLS ATTACHED TO NEW INVOICES IF WE ATTACH.CAN WE HAVE A COLUM WHERE IF WE ADD A BILL THERE IS A WAY TO ADD A PERCENTAGE OF PROFIT TO BILL
This way we get quick and informed input as to what the future might hold.At present it is difficult to distinguish between the differnt sections of the P&L.
I would like the ability to reconcile invoices & bills where they are part-paid, and it it known what specific line items the part-payment relates to.
We would like a report that shows a month's actual figures, compared with last year's actuals for the month as well as the budget for this year.
(2) Compare periods date selector should default to last financial year-end month if one clicks the drop-down selector.
I shouldn't need to pay for another service (another $40+ per month) to use online bill pay because my bank offers it free.
!You have an invoice sale that contain a due date, same for the bills and you can add an estimated date  for your sales invoice and you can add an planned date for the bill.
There is just one Name field and I need to use Business Name and Fantasy Name.Also, each client of mine has an ID which I can't replicate on Xero.
So if I could filter an income report for a contact group... or tag everyone in my contact group with a special tag this would become easy.
And it should be require minimal work as all information is already available.Please contact me directly if you would like me to explain in more detail.Thanks,Heath
I know you are reluctant to remove it completely, and renaming it will also cause confusion so how about moving the button down to the Payment Options menu within a transaction.
It would be great if you could copy the pay item change the multiple and make it applicable to a group of employees.Maryann CarterSolutions for Your Business
It would be great if we could have a save and next button when entering employee timesheets rather than having to go back and forth between menu boxes.
Conversely if they work less hours in a week I need to add in extra hours on their payslip in order to pay them their set fortnightly salary.
They need to be able to access Spend Money in order to take pictures of their receipts and code to gl accounts for their debit card purchases.
Hi,I'm very new to accounting and Xero, and just in the process of setting things up (whilst continuing to run the business and pay our freelance guides on time.
But couple of weeks later, I changed my mind and decided I need it and signed up for a free trial just to play around with Xero and familiar my way.
Can I create the Holding Company's account in Xero and later on add it's subsidiaries account and link it to the holding company to do a consolidated account?2.
Every three months they'll send me an invoice showing my real usage and, at that point, I'll see whether I'm in credit or debit with them.How should I account for this in Xero?
i'd want to change the default from oldest at the top to the newest so that the invoices that are outstanding show straightaway without scrolling downcan this be done?andrew
We have paid this amount and of course because it is against the value of the goods rather than an actual purchase of items with VAT added, Xero doesn't seem to want to recognise it.
At the moment we do a bank transfer for the deposit and then reconcile it to the bill to show it as part paid.My question is, can that first payment be added to a batch somehow?
We generally offer either monthly via direct debit on the 1st of the month (provided by Westpac PayWay), or invoice quarterly in advance.
When sending debtor statements at the end of month is there a way I can show what is outstanding at the end of month rather then show all the activity within that month to?
Please contact me for qualified accounting and business support:  or phone +64-4-282-0306 or +1-647-367-0876.
I reconciled some eftpos payments to sales only to discover days later that the eftpos amounts included customer payments which should have been reconciled to accounts payable.
Hi  Can some  one  help  me   that  how  can I  adjust   a  pay  run  after  eight  weeks  ,  apparently I  can not do a unscheduled pay run after eight  weeks RegardsBoby
Our BAS settings are also on accrual basis.Can someone suggest how we can post "Pay Run" in the same month rather than on payment date?ThanksGursaran
Is there any way to trick Xero into calculating the correct tax on her salary for the weeks the employee does work which also takes into consideration the unpaid leave?
Is there a way to adjust the annual leave (does not appear in opening balances) within Xero or will we have to terminate her as a casual employee then set her up as a permanent employee?
If this seemingly small detail is not possible then this product is not ready for businesses in the MD/PA/VA/DC region and I will have to take my business elsewhere.
BY TOMORROW.Trawled through hours of videos, community forums and online help - even phoned the bank - to establish how to make a payment to the employees!
However, we have just run July's payrun and Xero has calculated the pension contribution (of 6%) on the qualifying salary minus the salary sacrifice amount.
the xero its show me the transactions but i do not know how i record those transaction 910 salary and 77 nino plus taxcan someone help me?Thank You
It would seem they are incorrect if you started using Xero UK payroll midway through year 2015/16 and brought over the opening balances.
I have contacted Xero Payroll support about this and they claim that the figures they are submitting to HMRC via XML files are correct to the figures in P32 report.
Any tips?Integrate Xero and Evernote with Zapier - create invoices from new notes in Evernote or create new notes from Invoices, check out .
Any tips?KPIs, Scenarios, automated reports, and more give powerful, instant insights that expand your services, strengthen clients, and save you time.
I see that there is another service (USD10/mo) to do this but I'm guessing that keeping it all in one place is easier.Looking forward to moving forward - Jonathan
I'm with a new hotel in the Philippines.We are using Hotelogix with Xero, and having problems with syncing.I'd just like some insight on how other users had used Xero in the hotel industry?
Hi,I think it would be a good idea to have the same "drop down" menus for tax treatment in both receipt bank and xero (the xero ones are more complete).
A CRM system that is either a part of Xero or that integrates with both Xero and Unleashed would be great... at the moment we dont have a decent CRM in place because of this!
This is not a one-off, but my most recent instance is where I asked a question, to which Xero eventually responded that they needed access and I have to ask a colleague to grant them access to our system.
On a laptop the combination of the button and font colours make it almost impossible to see the buttons at all.Can you please change back to the old buttons.
uncontactable, what the next steps are.27-5 Emails to Xero Support go unasnwered, so we escalate to our President and CEO to call Xero.
I would find it extremely helpful if you actually had people working for you, so that I could talk to them instead of emailing backwards and forwards for days on end.
In one of the posts, I read that Xero has a larger than expected development team, which is fantastic.However, surely the 80:20 principle should be applied here.
CLUSTER 1849
I have checked the user guide and there is no mention of this so was just wondering whether it was possible.Many thanksStuart
If you are a user of Xero and Web EDI, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?You can manage your risk and protect your business against unexpected events using CoverKit.
If you are a user of Xero and Legrand CRM, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 1850
Does anyone know if one of the add-ons can do this?.CheersRoss
But this is a pain as I will have to transfer monies to my UK account each time.
Or some way I can see a list of all merge fields?Thanks,
Does anyone know of a suitable add on  product that can help her?
My agreement with Xero was for 25%, how can this just change like that and so much?
CLUSTER 1851
My account is set up to use accrual basis (Financial Settings).
Its from the same account that Ive linked to Xero, I just cant work out how to access these.
Can you suggest what we need to do?Many thanks for any help.Adrian Bennetton
Let your customers book jobs with you at any time of day from any device.
Any tips?Unparalleled insight, planning and control with your Xero data.
CLUSTER 1852
Can can we ensure it is in accordance to recent accounting standard?
I can't seem to be able to void the invoice either.
In this case, what is the best way to do the bank reconciliation?
Has anyone come across a better way?
What is the neatest way to solve this?Thank you in advance
This is unnecessarily time consuming.Thanks guys!
There should be a Seup Option to apply Rules automatically.
Can anyone offer advice about possible solutions?
CLUSTER 1855
Is there an easier way to refund someone's purchase that will reverse the funds on the date of the refund...
Does anyone know if you can have a different automatic sequencing of numbers for each invoice branding theme?
If you are a user of Xero and Constant Contact, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 1859
I don't know (and frankly, am not really interested in) how much the person owes ... all I could tell them is that I do not calculate anything in the payrun ... it is all done automatically in Xero, to which they asked the reasonable question how does Xero calculate it?I had to respond that don't know how Xero works this out ... does anyone out there know?Does Xero source the amount owing from somewhere, or does it just keep deducting an amount calculated proportional to the persons income until the person advises the full debt has been paid (or overpaid if they aren't watching it closely?
HiDoes anyone know of an add on that will generate sales invoices for a Nursing home including fields such as date of birth, name, room number, dates of stay,  etc that can easily be exported into XERO.At present client has to generate invoice on XERO and do a Word Document as an attachment with the extra fields needed which is doing double the work
CLUSTER 1866
I have linked all my accounts and its now showing a large number on the account balance that isn't correct.Is there a way I can 'ignore' all the other transactions on this account apart from the money received for the invoices for reconciliation purposes?
When reconciling bank transactions a bank rule will hide the 'Tax Rate' field, the only way to change this is to click View details and then change it here.Why is the tax rate hidden in the first place?
When reconciling it seems I either need to select a contact or create a new contact in order to be able to reconcile.Assume I stay in several hotels, do I need to create a new contact for each separate hotel?
CLUSTER 1869
Does anyone use tracking categories for this purpose?
Just curious if there are any 'Medium Business' size users on here.
After taking those out I still have a discrepancy any idea what this could be.
CLUSTER 1870
My question - is it possible to send the pdf file attachments with a sales invoice?---
Hello,We are a small UK start-up using Xero as our accounting software.
Entering a physical check that we write into Xero is a confusing and tedious process.
Is there a way to merge the two or apply that bank transaction to it?Thanks,Aric
If i click on the individual bills payable, the usual "make payment" button isn't there.
CLUSTER 1871
However my Profit and Loss does not show any of these transactions as expensed.
"If I remember correctly you were recognizing revenue as cash is collected?
The end result should be that I pay extra VAT.It is not clear to me how to do this!
Is this a bug or has the way to do this changed?Any help greatly appreciated.
CLUSTER 1874
Presumably we need to be GST registered in order to do so?Thanks in advance.Nick
Has anyone else noticed how the auto search function isn't working properly?
CLUSTER 1896
But we do not currently track inventory on an individual item basis.
However to check each transaction like that is a very lengthy process.
The imported transactions I am dealing with are from vend account sales.
On your list of counties in Payroll, you have North Humberside, which does not exist any more.
If anyone could provide assistance, I'd be exceedingly grateful.
We are importing our goods directly form the overseas manufacturers.
CLUSTER 1900
This would allow for Recoding of transactions with a contact that has now been deleted or archived.
When I enter it into adjustments i need to code it to an adjustment account, what should I put it under?
Any tips?Online job management for businesses with mobile workers.
CLUSTER 1902
Hi,I've just found a client that has outstanding invoices has gone in to liquidation and therefore is unlikely to pay.
Is it easy to cope with a manual feed on a 50 plus transaction per day account?
The old audit report was much easy to use particularly if you are not an excel whizz like me.
We need a way to be able to move the individual fields on a check to align with the checks that we use.
I find that our clients addresses or project descriptions end up with words hanging or not making sense.
Is it possible to add function to allow to download the outstanding transactions into Excel/CSV?RegardsStan
The owners of the business I work for are used to having accurate information on the wages costs for each of their retail locations.
CLUSTER 1903
Hi All,I understand that Xero does NOT use the Undeposited Funds accounts which in general is fine however what happens if the business owner uses some of those undeposited funds (cash) to pay for a business expense and only deposits the remainder to the bank?I understand that if I wish, I can create a bank account called undeposited funds BUT if I choose not to do this is there a way to match the relevant sales invoice receipts and the expense with the one bank statement line transaction?I guess the simple way of putting it is when reconciling can I match both a spent and received transaction to reconcile a bank statement line?Thanks
What is the best way the reconcile them both on Xero?Can I assign the same bank account to two separate business?Can I link the two companies on Xero and transfer data between them?Is there any way to assign two VAT numbers onto the one Xero account and simply reconcile both companies using 'tracking' functions?If two accounts are needed to be set-up on Xero, how do I then reconcile the bank statement on one business account and then do the same on the other business without duplicating my workload?
CLUSTER 1910
Hi All, I have made some donations that were made to a charity that is DGR registered.
I want to know if there is a way to create basic, summarised quotes.
I am at the end of my thether with Xero today and hoping someone can help.
Our excel code of accounts effectively dont match as we are in profit.
I am new to xero and I trust this is something really simple I am missing here?
If anyone could make suggestions, I would greatly appreciate it.
CLUSTER 1911
)- Paypal bank feed is already up and running.- Does this need a credit note or which Account type would it be processed against.- This creates to lines to reconcile 1.
Hi i have:outstanding balance (lets say 300)credit note (lets say 150)is there a way to connect them, i did not connected them at the invoice level.
CLUSTER 1917
Is there likely to be a HubSpot CRM integration any time soon?
There is only one report, in new reports and this is of limited value.
!Surely this is a glitch that needs to be fixed sooner than later?
CLUSTER 1920
Hi there,Would really appreciate some guidance on how to handle the scenario illustrated below.
I can't seem to find anything on the topic as the keywords are too broad.Thanks in advance.
How can I export all items created in Xero company and import them into a new company?
Cheques will clearly be paid into the bank and will show up on the statement so they will need to be reconciled.
This may come through as a action or reminder or even code up a draft transaction.
I am unable to void a cheque as is is explained here...link below.no option for attaching photos.
CLUSTER 1922
Am I doing this correct or should I split the payment coming in to sales and vat input?
I will greatly appreciate any help that you can provide.Kind regards,Chris.
Has anyone else saved receipts for business purchases this way?
Hi, How can we add the Reimbursement field into the My Payroll where the Employee can access this.
Do you know how many quotes have probably been accepted because of how great they look.
CLUSTER 1929
I am new to Xero so apologies if this is an obvious fix.Is it possible in the Invoice template to include the customers VAT number?
When more than one employee credit card all the transactions are shown in the billing account along with payments made etc.
We want to reduce the paper storage and one way would be to destroy the invoices that we scan into Xero once they are paid.
CLUSTER 1933
Is there any way where I can produce a ledger report for each of my customers with debits and credits ?I need the debit to show what we spent for the customers, and credit to show what we got from the customer in terms of cash and there will be a running balance/closing balance at the end.
Using the "Receive Money" function in the bank account doesn't cut it, because the item doesn't show up as a payment from the customer that can be allocated to an invoice.This should work just the same as when you have a payment that is more than the invoice amount due -- Xero turns it into an overpayment, which can then be allocated when a new invoice is posted.
CLUSTER 1939
Hi there, Just wondering if anyone has any pointers on converting a MYOB FirstEdge V4 on Mac file to Xero.
Need to be able to pay 4 weeks at a time and the pay rate should be reduced to weekly rates x4
I wonder if there is a online service company, like csv2cloud, that handles bank statements and imports them into Xero.
CLUSTER 1941
I know this is wrong but how else to I do this?Any advice would be greatly appreciated.CheersRonnie
There should be an excel template which we can use to put in data then import to a tax return
I found this feature useful from ZOHO Invoice and I believe it is easy to implement.
Is it possible to add it under the current Invoice Total amount, in some easy way?
Is there an App that helps me track my expenses associated with a particular sales Invoices?
CLUSTER 1943
It would be great if the exported batch files could show the invoice number in the Reference field that shows on the supplier bank statement.
Not sure how i managed to do it - maybe too many drinks whilst completing the invoicing :) hahaBut it occurred to me that there should be a way or an option to block the sending of draft invoices.
Each item may be sold across many different provinces, so depending on the address of the customer, the webstore selects the correct tax to charge.
CLUSTER 1947
I am concerned that  I missed some key points, so can I get some information of the Road Show from somewhere?Thanks a lot.Leo
Was wondering if there is any EDI Messaging add-on readily available with Xero.I'm a Sr Solutions Analyst with  which specializes in EDI messaging.
Would anyone know whether there is an "add on" compatible with "Zero" which you can search anything or all fields within a quote/invoice.ie.
CLUSTER 1949
Hi All,I receive a credit from the ATM every month however dont know how to enter it or what to do with it.
Xero doesn't think I need to fill one out for the 3 months to end June, so how do I do this?Thanks.
Oh and just in case it makes any difference, we didn't start using Xero til 2014.ThanksK
CLUSTER 1953
Hi Everyone,I'm new to Xero.I've done some back log accounting of all our invoices since we moved to Xero.There are alot of invoices that I have already received money for, when I go to Add Payment I'm not really sure what to select under the "Paid To" sectionThere are the standard three options:Owner A Drawings (Liability)Owner A Funds Introduced (Liability)Owner A Share Capital (Liability)Should I be selecting one of these?
Could you please add this functionality so we can use it on the screen - regardless where we navigated to it from.I'm actually using it to complement job tracking - as the job reports are pretty unhelpful and difficult to use I'm finding it much easier to assign all job costs via this functionality to the customer and then when I create the sales invoice I add in the materials/subcontractor expenses and just add on our labour/overhead management.
CLUSTER 1957
$700 etc how do I reconcile my bank statements.
Is there an easier way to accomplish this?Thank you so very much
Just started this payroll, is there a glitch?Please help
Any tips?Invoicing, Sales Orders and B2B.
CLUSTER 1958
I don't want the client to see how much is allocated to which account.Is this possible?Thank you
Do i need to set up a liability account "Deposits Received" (BAS Excluded)?
Hi, Is it possible to be able to change the currency when sending people a quote?
Any tips?Streamline cost and revenue recognition, and life cycle management.
Hi,Just some Feedback, we have all our monthly invoices set to go out on the 1st of the month.
CLUSTER 1960
After reconciliation, how would one go about removing or canceling out the A2X invoice sales lines so that sales are not reported twice.
If I happen to have a few of those cases, it takes up an immense amount of my office time.Would appreciate if you could add those features!Thanks, Lisa
When I go to make batched deposits and have multiple pages of customer invoices to go through it only keeps the ones from the current page that I am on.
The functionality to "Enable Mark as Reconciled" should be more obvious to find and easy to access - refer comments on the community forum.
Ability to delete contacts who have no related records/activity.And for merged contacts, the archived ones should instead be deleted.
A three or 6 month trend (or agianst planned numbers for the period under review) would add greatly to the value of the report
After reconciliation, how would one go about removing or canceling out the A2X invoice sales lines so that sales are not reported twice.
CLUSTER 1962
I would then get the 15% multi-organisation discount regardless of the non-profit also being on my billing account.
I am really wanting to switch to xero from MYOB essentials but timesheet entry is the 1 thing holding me back.Thanks
Is there any quick way to see from the transaction list, which account I've posted to, (or forgotten to post to) without having to go into each individual transaction?
CLUSTER 1963
I would like my accounts to reflect that these payments are not income, but repayment.Do I invoice each artist for these repayments?
I have some concerns with the new format of the Business Activity Statements.Firstly, why has the B been dropped so that we are now preparing an AS?
I need to be able to do a mass reserve find and recode and a bulk of transactions that were not meant to be recoded.
An help is greatly appreciated!1- Can you make defaults for invoice due dates, i.e.
CLUSTER 1964
If amendments do not make impact in GL, we should exclude from journal report as well.
There is no current way in Xero to customise the access so that an approver can only see their staff.
Hi The payslips should be emailed from a chosen email other than the one we use for log in.
All of the payments that were previously attached to that invoice are shown on the bank statement as unreconciled.
CLUSTER 1971
This is so documents that are not attached to an exact entry (e.g.
How can I turn items off totally in my file like I can in MYOB?
CLUSTER 1972
I would like to make the following journal entry, but can't because the "Bank Revaluations" account is not in the list of available accounts:Debit RoundingCredit Bank RevaluationsIs there a way to force the journal entry, or any alternative for fixing the rounding difference?
Is there an existing way to save invoice descriptions as templates?Eg, if the client is preparing several invoices for the 1 job over say, 6 months, is there a way to create templates or macros for the description on the invoice, rather than type it in every time?Thanks.
Need some urgent help pretty pretty please - When Exporting historical sales invoices from one Xero ledger and importing to new Xero ledger - what is the best/easiest way to mark them as paid, as they import to drafts and if approved they will be moved to Awaiting Payment?
Hi,I am quite new to Xero.I am using it to track a property development project and I would like to be able to enter quotes that I have received from suppliers so that I can do a cash-flow estimate and get reports on the basis of them.Is there a good way to enter estimates/quotes and then analyse them in reports on Xero?
CLUSTER 1973
Unsure of which accounts I should assign a fixed asset to when making an "Asset Type.
honestly not sure if this is even the right way to go about it thanks in advance
Hi there, I am a Xero user with three organisations (companies) under one umbrella.
However, we could use some help on how to post the cash payment from Square.
CLUSTER 1980
(in settings option) Sometimes there is other vendors payment.
What accounts should I setup for handling the tips before reconciling?
Hi, I am new user of Xero software.
CLUSTER 1982
Hi Everyone, Just wanting to know if there is a way to view the sales invoices as Inclusive once they have been raised and sent to clients?
Hello.I think a good idea would be to include notes in the planned date area for invoices.
I haven't come across this dedication to top customer support anywhere EVER!Oh and it is an unbelievable system for functionality!!!
CLUSTER 1983
Why is there no warning to avoid posting to a supposed 'locked' period!
An employee advance is set-up as a Current Asset account.
I can't seem to get the monthly or weekly calendars to work.
CLUSTER 1986
Xero guide is not helpful and their support just gave me instructions on how to do leave requests and pay runs - I know how to do this - what I need is instructions on ETP's and an explanation of what exactly doesn't flow through to reports that you need to do a manual journal as well as the pay run - where do the amounts go then if they don't flow through to GL?
Is there a way to match a single payment coming from a bank feed to multiple entries in the Xero checking account register?Is there a way to set up Xero so that when I make a tax payment is posts as a single tax payment debit to the checking account while crediting multiple payments in my liability account?
CLUSTER 1987
What I don't know however is which journal entries to post in Xero so that this shows up on the return.
For example, one may need to capitalize a bunch of expense transactions.
Can anyone shed some light on what might be the issue and how I can go about solving it please?
Any way to ensure these Canadian $ invoices go to the proper account so they can be reconciled?
Is there a way I can add the employee to my payroll in Xero with his actual address and details?
I need to run his payroll this week, and need to make a decision fast.
CLUSTER 1989
I want to know if using Xero I can chose to don't pay the VAT on sales until I get the invoice paid from my customers and if I can do it can you explain to me how can I do it?Thanks.
So when the rest of the work is completed at a later date it can be invoiced  Also is there a way to track quotes that can appear in the invoice tracking.
I would like to see, the most recent purchase price for any one item replace the price stored in the item card.
Anyway, I set up all the deduction amounts on the pension settings and added a line to the pay templates for each employee for a benefit and deduction.
CLUSTER 2000
I am in Australia and need to know if this data goes offshore.
I suspect this is a simple fixable UI buglet.3.
It begs the question however as to WHY Xero can't handle all this through the FAR??????
CLUSTER 2002
How do I set up in Xero we would prefer to only have one bank feed which will bring in all transactions or do we need to set up multiple credit card accounts.
My xero is saying positive balance what it means .Can anyone give me interpretation of thatBank balance is negative having bracket around numbers,What it means Any help
Hi , in the list of currencies to add,  we do not find the Dirham the currency of the United Arab Emirates only the Moroccan Dirham which is not  an equivalent :( thank you for your assistance in this matter.
For sales invoices, I need to have a job number reference (our ref) and a customer PO reference (their ref) as well as our invoice number.
CLUSTER 2007
I have assets that I need to depreciate at accelerated rates however Xero is only calculating a monthly portion.
Where the transactions are expenses claims, and recurring bills the receipt Icons are not shown in the transaction view.
It’d be great if it Xero had a Register of Shareholders built in, so that information doesn’t need to be stored somewhere else.
The current way is that 1)log into purchases2) trawl through a list of all the invoices currently outstanding.
I saw transactions called "Expense Receipt Created" but could not click into it to see what is it or how it got there.
CLUSTER 2008
But I should also create a manual journal entry for the forward liability of $100k which is the remaining two other tranches to be paid in the next two years.
In which case, the transfer itself would be quite straightforward but can anyone offer advice on how best to use Xero to determine amounts for setting aside?
Hi,I have an employee who has already been paid for August and has taken annual leave today (31st).How do I enter this so that it is correct for next months pay?
CLUSTER 2012
Greetings,I want to view my transactions by the default account code - is there a way to do this?I'm currently using my personal bank account while I get my business account set up and I'm coding personal expenses as 980 - Owner A Drawings.
Can anyone identify a 3rd party database invoicing sub-application that could capture cutomer, job, cost ,etc information to create these invoices (on behalf of) and then import a separate summary invoice into Xero for management services.
CLUSTER 2013
But I need a way to do all 50 updates in bulk.
How can I add these fees into the payment made to us?
CLUSTER 2015
I am not sure if they have been set up properly as they seem to have alot more owing then they should.CheersKathryn
:)If so, any suggestion of number for classification ?Thanks for “enlightening” me on this point, Laurent
I have an investment which is $50k tranched with three payments over 3 years.
Any tips?Simple health & fitness business software you will love!
We need to be able to bring up any customer in our CRM when doing a receipt in Vend.
CLUSTER 2020
or add-ons that would be helpful?Many ThanksEmma
The question is, how can I upload all of this data into Xero without losing any of it.
Hi allCan someone tell me if this is a Xero issue?
Any tips?Quotes, inventory and invoicing with sales reporting.
CLUSTER 2025
is anyone can recommend accountant with Xero experience in Dubai?
Is this the normal way to handle adhoc reselling of goods?
Hi,One of our clients is a development of 150 properties.
At the moment there are 7 conditions set up for spending rules.
CLUSTER 2026
This should be rather easy to accomplish but I cannot see where this happens.
How do we go about doing so?Would appreciate any help anyone can give.
Is there any ability to print a report of draft invoices ?Thanks
How do we load the ABA file and pay our employees?Thanks,
CLUSTER 2029
I want to be able to calculate the value of my stock on hand at the beginning of each month to be able to show this on my balance sheet.
We have a number of staff who work in different departments  who are paid with the 8% holiday pay inclusive of their pay rate.
CLUSTER 2035
Is anyone else using Xero for this scheme and if so, how is it working out?Thanks,Clare
This is helpful when exporting for spreadsheet work by management or accountants working on audit.
CLUSTER 2036
Wondering how do i account for and categorize this charitable donation we made in our Xero account?
When viewing the GST audit report I can click on the account to take me to the transaction.
On the Bank Reconciliation page if the item cant be found then you can created new.
Hello, we own a pub and are just starting out in Xero.How do we record our daily takings in Xero?
CLUSTER 2043
I have tried numerous ways to fix this but am really struggling to understand how I could make such a radical change and fail to revert back.
Automatically allocate fixed value line items...How is step 3 different from using an "Amount" condition in Step 1.5.
Any help is appreciated....I am so out of my league and commencing an accounting/bookkeeping certificate next week but we really need to repay this debt ASAP.
Xero has an entire page devoted to security but surprisingly doesn't say anything much about it!People need to know basic information, such as:1.
CLUSTER 2044
When funds are received from that client, apply the funds against the sales invoice and the liability account4.
Hi all,I will process some invoices, and sometimes go a few days or a week before printing or emailing them.
I'm thinking this is probably very simple, I just need to be pointed out how?anyone, thanks in advance!Sip
If you are a user of Click 2 Convert, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2053
The only option that I've been able to find so far is how to enter reimbursable expenses so that they show up on invoices.
This response does not answer my question.Appreciate any help or advice on how I can move forward and resolve this!
If you are a user of Xero and ExcluServ Connect, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Power BI, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Flash Convert, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SimplePay Singapore, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Simply Cashflow, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and iCOS LiVE, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Xero Workpapers, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2059
I do not want to pay taxes on that deposit OR see it as income for me to spend until I've "earned" it by completing the work.Should I record the deposit as a prepayment and invoice for the entire project at the end and apply the prepayment to that invoice?Or, should I use a credit note for the deposit and apply it to an invoice later?This leads to my next issue.
If the invoice is subsequently paid, then the related VAT can be reclaimed.This specific regulation covered by Statutory Instrument 2002 No 3027 Part XIXB.Since Xero is capable of keeping track of due dates, shouldn't the VAT return function make some sort of adjustment to the VAT return?Kind regardsGWN Services Ltd.
CLUSTER 2065
When this happens, it just groups the payments together and adds one figure as 'Total net payments'.Is it possible to show the individual payments through custom branding - e.g:Invoice Total:  £££Payment made: £££Payment made: £££Credit note: £££Amount outstanding: £££This is possible using the standard template, but doesn't seem so when using a customised docx branding template.
Need an "calculate leave on this pay type" button on all pays types (like you already have for overtime), so that we can have multiple base earnings rates.Trying to work around it using the multiple of base hourly rate is far too cumbersome and does not always work with complicated EBAs and Awards.This is super urgent as we have a number of clients VERY upset with the way the leave calculates.
If so is there a way to fix this or would I have to go back and update each number in there?My process going forward will be to:- Run GST report- Populate BAS- Once bas refund/payment made/received allocate this into GST account to offset and PAYGW to PAYGW payable account.Do I need to do anything else in Xero to ensure that it's running correctly from a GST perspective?
Is there any way to modify an existing report or create a new one that would essentially provide me with the ability to examine sales of a particular item that also accounts for returns on credit memos and provides an accurate count of that item sold.Essentially, we take deposits on kegs from our accounts and when they are returned,  a credit memo is issued showing the returned kegs.
However (and I think this is correct), I have labelled that purchase like this: http://i.imgur.com/CUuSR2H.pngIt's sorted into a custom Chart of Account that is setup like this: http://i.imgur.com/qVbLew9.pngAm I right in thinking Xero is advanced enough to know that it shouldn't allow me to reclaim that VAT in my yearly VAT return?Am I also sorting these purchases correctly?
We have a large client base and to reconcile the accounts is quite a long winded process , is there no way to allocate the payment straight to the customer account and reconcile at a later stage .Where you create a rule and you select account to process the transaction to , there should be a drop down to allocate it to the customer account directly as reconciling every transaction to the Customer is time consuming when there is about 300 odd transactions per month.
HelloI am back tracking through Xero amending errors I made a while ago in the 'Invoices owed to you' sectionI find several entries that are credit notes I thought I had set up for customers (I owe them) but these are sitting as invoices owed to me 'Due'The figures are in (brackets) and so I may just be misunderstanding this and it is really just a way for me to account for monies due for customer credits.Just wanted to make sure reallyThanks
Financial modeling is a general term that means different things to different users; the reference usually relates either to accounting and corporate finance applications, or to quantitative finance applications.In simple terms, financial modeling means forecasting the future of the company or an asset by way of an Excel Model that is easy to understand and perform scenario analysis.
Examples are;Invoice Date     -   Due Date12th Jan 2013   -      28th Feb 20131st Feb 2013    -      31st March 201330th Feb 2013  -      31st March 2013Using Numbers that are relative to the invoice date is messy, because we need to always add 28 days.Either I'm missing a trick, or this feature doesn't exist?Thanks all,-Jev
Have recently changed to Xero and am happy with it apart from the inventory adjustment.... it is frustrating and very very time consuming..... really question if the change was worth it as I spend like 6 hours every month to adjust, previous software I could bulk adjust   and was done in about 1 hour.I do realise there is inventory add- on but we are a med sized restaurant cafe , all the inventory add - on are  way over and above what we require.
CLUSTER 2066
I'm just about to start using Xero and one of the things I would like to do is make a monthly allocation for some annual costs such as corporation tax and business insurance with the aim of having a clear idea of my true financial position throughout the year.
When you are in a particular bank account (reconciliation screen) it would be very time saving to have the page search function at the top of that screen and then you would not have to scroll down the to the bottom of the page all the time when you see the dates come up and know they are not what you are looking for.
I can't see a way of creating a quote or invoice which has for example '10 chairs for 2 days @ £5 each per day' .Is there a way of being able to add a days field to the items or have a number of days hire for the total invoice?
CLUSTER 2070
If so, then how does the tax credit asset get cleared out of the LTC when it's passed through to the shareholders?
Hi,We have a client which sells services to countries in the EC and I am not sure how I should be entering them.
Without changing the invoice date, how can I make this invoice appear in August.
CLUSTER 2083
If I just posted a very detailed transaction and want to recycle the notes from the last posted receipt, I should be able to copy and paste it into a new receipt, just as I should be able to copy and paste notes from a text message into the notes screen of the app.
I am guessing that this is a limitation of either the trial, or it is a limitation of xero.Can someone please tell me how I can get access back as far as Feb 2016?Do I have to contact xero and arrange payment?Thank youRic H
When I have used a Purchase Order to buy inventory and the purchase order is delivered incomplete, how is the best way to handle the conversion of the delivered portion to a bill and the remainder yet to be delivered?
CLUSTER 2084
Tax Scale 5 ?I test the tax calculated in xero against ATO calculator, and xero is incorrectly including the ML.How to setup employee in xero so that PAYGW calculates correctly in pay run ?Thanks
Is there a way to revise your depreciation rates on specific assets without rolling back depreciation?In order to be compliant with IAS 108/AASB 108, we should be revising the estimated life of our assets at least once a year.
Hi all, this should be a easy fix but i dont know how...I want to clear my "Awaiting Payment" tab as i have a number of little jobs that have been not been paid or the people never came back to pick up the item so its un paid.How do i do this?
If you can walk me successfully through setting up online connections  for 14 bank accounts and credit cards (mostly BBVA Compass and CitiCards) I will immediately send you $1,000  by PayPal or whatever means you request.
To get visibility at the item level, the only way to see item level detail by customer (contact) is to run an Inventory Item Details report, Group By Contact and add the Item Name Column.
Hello|We have a CPA firm called Pro Accounting and Tax Services, located in Lakewood NJ.We attend allot of networking and the most common answer we get after we have describedthe beauty of Xero is: We never heard of it.
I am constantly looking up the ABN of a file that I am working on, for the ATO, and Bank Account forms and a variety of applications.It would be such a time saver, if the ABN was displayed on the Title Bar next to the Xero Account Name
Depreciation for $10,000.00 OWDV Asset @ 10% WDV Method would be $1,000.00 but if its a leap year like 2012 or 2016 it will consider $1,002.74.
Is there any way we can have a Minimum monthly earnings option on the Employer Additional SuperThe Employer Guarantee Super calculates the amount of earnings for the month and pays the super if the employee earns over $450.00 for the month.
Does that seem right?Also, if some expenses end up as Bills and yet others end up as 'Spend Money' transactions, how can a get a comprehensive list of all outgoing transactions (including bills and 'Spend Money' transactions)?
Hi there,Just curious as to the usual practice when dealing with multiple locations..We currently have them set up as a Tracking Category with the different locations listed as Category Options - which I'm hoping is the best way to do it (please advise if otherwise).
It doesn't seem to matter how much space I create in the column for references, because it only seems to ever produce a statement with so many characters then replaces the rest of the text with "....".How can I edit my custom docs so that full reference appears?
The current Invoicing system he uses allows him to use a Job Decription, as well as showing line items.is there a way to do this with Xero invoices as he would like to go totally Xero.Thanks,Scott
What is the best way to reconcile this to the 'wages payable' account as when I try to set up a bank rule I can only have one contact whereas we are paying multiple contacts for the one amount that appears on the bank statement.Thanks.
If Not Should I go to HOSTPLUS to do this manually?Question 3.Some of the guys in company are long-term contractors, so they are not in “Employees” list in Xero, in this case, how do I handle super for them in the system?Looking forward to your answers and thanks very much.
Tax Scale 5 ?I test the tax calculated in xero against ATO calculator, and xero is incorrectly including the ML.How to setup employee in xero so that PAYGW calculates correctly in pay run ?Thanks
How do i back date the accrual annual leave to the starting date and how to do manually calculate this and update it into the current payslip?I have set up annual leave on the payslip template but it does not accrual and requires an amount to be entered into the field.
If I enter a leave form then September pay looks like it pays him an annual leave day for today (when he has already actually been paid for today).I need it to be clear on his payslip exactly what I have done.Thanks.
I can create the leave code and add it to the pay templates just not sure what is the best way to achieve the hours setting.We need to create a system that makes the application easy and stores the data in the one place.
What options should we use to deduct this tax free amount from the employee's payroll?The IRS calls them Transportation Fringe Benefits:  https://www.irs.gov/publications/p15b/ar02.html#en_US_2016_publink1000193740
I could run further reports within Shopfiy to try & manually work out the shipping costs when I reconcile the daily entry in Xero, but it's very difficult to determine as Shopify's date reports don't coincide with the funds we receive.
Hi, Love the Xero and Sharesight integration, however I find that only my cash dividends are across in Xero, none of the franked or unfranked dividends or imputated credits are showing up in the Xero reports for dividends that were reinvested
Good day,Kindly to attend to my request on reference number CX0004090077 which read:"I would like for the organisation I had create under Dr Tinovimba Mhlanga to renamed to Eliya Ndabanengi and also to be set as practice.
This will prove to the market that if Xero can use Xero for itself (including Multi-subsidiary consolidation) with the help from a handful of add-ons from the Marketplace, that any lots of large companies can use Xero as well.I hope you guys can do it!
CLUSTER 2085
i am doing our end of the year taxes and comparing the sales in Xero to the sales in Square, they are quite different.
Is it possible to set up a report in Xero that will show my final profit, minus tax liabilities?
It is weird - or at least seems so to me ;)Would anyone be able to shed some light on what is happening here and what to do?Thanks very much
Is there a way to sort out this mistake or do I have to delete everything and re enter hundreds of invoices in the correct category?
There are two main drivers for me around this:1) A customer creates the first coding themselves, wrong.
CLUSTER 2086
As of speaking, disposal of multiple assets is very time consuming as we need to dispose assets one by one.
Could either email link to interactive purchase order template or embed as a portal in business website.
However, even if you try to import it as a reference, Xero just puts this under the description on the left hand side.
At the moment the earliest is at the top of the page and it requires quite a lot of scrolling to reach current invoices.
CLUSTER 2089
We have several customers with the same name and the only way to tell them apart is by the address.
I have managed so far with the exceptions of how accounts are ordered within groups.
If you are a user of FITmyBooks, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Securely Track & Manage your ATO Tax Deductions.
If you are a user of ConvertworX, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2091
Can someone advise me how (in Xero) I can set up a consolidated GST tax code like I can easily in MYOB.
Some clients have the Payee in the Reference column and nothing in the Payee column, so when you are cash coding it defaults to unknown.
If it could also combine with a batch email out to remind staff to submit their times, that would be fantastic!
It would be nice if it actually prompted you for the reference before allowing you to complete running that rule for a transaction.2.
CLUSTER 2092
Details of donation (i.e., how much was contributed to each specific project/activity for the year which can be captured from category, item code,account code or invoices raised during the year) - Options: can be in summary form or by detailed transactions.4.
This is a quick note to let you know we'll be making some changes to Xero to help take care of the super rate increases automatically for you.We're doing a release of Payroll in June and we'll be introducing a new Calculation Type for superannuation called 'Statutory Rate'.The Statutory Rate will work in a similar way to tax tables.
CLUSTER 2095
How should we enter the Employer's Allowance?Thanks,Jasper
Thus, I doubt any actual support is coming.
Is there super paid on IW payments etc.
CLUSTER 2106
Since "Prepayments" does not have payments to that account enabled by default, it seems like I am doing something wrong.If this is not the correct way to account for future travel, what is the proper way?Thanks for any help!
However, with no live bank feed, I cannot recommend the move because of the extra amount of work it would cause me.They use a 3rd party service for their online banking.
CLUSTER 2108
Or is it possible to use the expenses function to enter all the receipts we have so far?
If you are a user of cloudconvert, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Movemybooks, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of XpressConvert, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2113
P&L with just first tier or P&L with all accounts for more detailed report).
They are the same details across the board so I'm confused.Can anyone assist please.Thank you, Jim
If you are a user of Xero and receivabl.es, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Ag Profit, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Financial Driver, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SAT FXOnline, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and AVS Networks, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2118
I have read various things suggesting they should both be dealt with under account 970.
Companies may ask a client if they want their billing with NCF or not.
We are currently using the tracking accounts to track each of our Fund Sources.
Accountant mentioned I should not have any retained earnings for the first financial year.
To date I have not found that Xero on its own is suitable to manage share portfolios.
CLUSTER 2119
I purchased some stickers on behalf of a conference, using the company credit card.
We totally understand you need to process adjustments to historical pay runs.
The unfortunate side effect means that the XERO AR account   is not used.
Is this something that is going to return, we found it very useful and it saved a lot of time.
CLUSTER 2120
Is there a way to roll back changes made?
an invoice or a range of invoice numbersExamples:1.
Anyone know if there's an add-on for property investors?
CLUSTER 2126
If I look at the Bank Statements tab, and select to show "Statements", the Statement shows the correct balance.
In Canada, we can claim back the HST paid on expenses against the amount of taxes charged to clients.
I need a feature to track each users quote numbers; how much are they quoting per month etc.
Hi there, I would like to request to implement the new feature called Group Invoicing for the purchases.
Can we please have the ability to add notes on the Xero Dashboard or add 'sticky notes' so that we can add reminders there.
These discounts are not tracked on the day due to time and the items can be any from our range.When I am inputting the stock sold at such events.
CLUSTER 2128
The ability to add a text column to a report would be great for added note references that do not appear in the current drop down options.
I wish to change the default account code for retained earnings and should be able to do this automatically when I import my custom chart of accounts.
But the Xero support understood this as the 2016/17 financial year, and this confusion delayed my registration for a month.How do I get in contact with a higher-up?
CLUSTER 2129
If there are multiple incorrectly matched transfers this will start the unraveling.
Looking to bring on a restaurant client - any bombs we should be concerned?
Then I now need to reconcile this payment with all this individual expense claims.
Are there any plans for integrating the expenses from Harvest into Xero as Receipts?
CLUSTER 2131
At the moment you can't remove any items so it just continues to sit in the list.Another example is that Directors have an automatic super transfer setup on a fortnightly basis in line with the payroll.
There is also no apparent way to do a payroll journal and apply something against this account - it appears locked and won't allow any entries here.How can I transfer these amounts to the expense where they belong.Thanks,
CLUSTER 2132
How to account them?Like, there is a payment made to a supplier (transport company) on behalf of an employee.Shall I create GL payment then debit the employee?
Now that even Barclays have finally caught up (and least there is a Yodlee credit card feed for Barclaycard) my loyalty towards HSBC is going to be severely tested.
Is there a way to edit the invoice layout  which is sent to clients so they only see a summary of what is entered into Xero's New Invoice section, rather than each line item?
Hello, can anyone help us integrate Google Sheets with Xero Quotes?Specifically, in-house we create quotes using Google Sheets.
If this is something that HSBC are doing can you please find a way to split the current 'Reference' field by looking at what is in the 'Description' field and then moving them all around accordingly?PLEASE FIX!
CLUSTER 2140
Greetings,After reconciling a bank account, is there a way to view the reconciled transactions with the accounts posted to?
Lots of what we do already is on a trust-basis with our employees, but only typing in a number is just a deal-breaker for us.
Using the "add receipt" function on mobile could offer suggestions to autofill the where you are box
Does anyone know what I would add for an asset I intend to depreciate over 15 yrs/ 180 months?
CLUSTER 2145
If you are a user of Xero and Report Amigo, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Wink Reports, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Blink Reports, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Simple Salon, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Practice Ignition, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Spotlight Reporting, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2146
When will you fix this as when we re-import CSV files any manual line-breaks are lost.2.
There really should be an easier way to apply credit card payments against customer invoices.
CLUSTER 2154
For NZ tax (Company), if you have excess imputation credits, it is converted to a deemed loss to carry forward to the next year.How would I account for this in Xero?i.e.
I know 1 way is to add new invoice with full amount, then reconcile and split that invoice (since the deposit won't cover the full amount).What other options do I have?
We are a non-profit entity and use two tracking categories - funder and project.Each month I need to allocate our staff costs across these two categories.
Hi can I record this payment against the invoice such that the invoice such as being fully paid and also assign that £1 charge to a nominal account so that we can track the costs of the DD charges themselves?Olly
Would you line item 16 widgets at $511.84 to COGS and then have a rebate for the points redeemed, or something else?Thanks in advance for any insight.BestMatt
:A customer orders 15 meters of fabric but in order to cut a clear 15 meters, 17 meters of fabric is used with 2 meters wasted.
Hi, I'm new to xero and am having trouble getting my brain around setting up a purchase that is on a payment plan and incurs interest each month (varies depending on the balance).
I know there is lots of discussion on this topic but most of them seemed to involve downloadable ecommerce report but since this is a physical retail pos environment I'm not sure how to make this work.
For this I use inventory item code "DEDUCTION".However, when I print the invoice, the deduction shows like this (£1.00) and not -£1.00.Is there any way that I can change this?
Hi AllI've just completed my first year of self employment and need to prepare my schedule C?My finances are pretty simple: I have 4-5 customers.
I have approx 12 "Cash Sales" per month and wondering what is the best way to put this through Xero without creating a contact for every individual client.
Does it mean I cannot do this myself and need to get an accountant involved?This is my first year of using Xero, so please bear with me!Many thanks in advance for any help you can give me,
This would make it much easier to reconcile accounts where you have been able to bring in the sales and expenses as invoices or bills and need to match multiple transactions for the same suppliers.
Heaven forbid there should be any issue in taking payment, otherwise I'll get an unhelpful failure e-mail, and then have to try again and wait another hour!Just take my money!
This could mean a huge difference in time frame to a business and the option to have a choice of "Calendar" or "Working" days for payment in the "Contacts" section would be most desirable.
Hello, On the previous accounting system we used, when entering bills, the fields would pre populate with what was entered in for that supplier last time you entered a bill.
The Profit & Loss report is GREAT in Xero, but the only thing missing in reporting is how many new customers we've gained or how many customers we've lost and what the impact is monthly.
When you upload a file to the record you have to manually select it to be sent with the invoice which is easily forgotten.The only way to check is to go back into each invoice and then the attachment to check each one.
The manner in which both the advisor and the firm profile is set up it doesn't properly allow for the inclusion of the proper mix of professional credentials such that an individual can properly distinguish advanced skills.
we need to add much more information for employees such as their emergency contact details, home country details, passport, ID number and expiration date, etc.
I use repeating invoices for airtime invoices, they are due on the 1st of every month.On the 1st of every month I go to draft invoices and all my invoices to be invoice are there.
Perhaps you could then double click into that receipt and that would then show the allocation of the receipt against each invoice/credit note.The same procedure would be good for supplier accounts too.
This is a very time consuming exercise - is there any way this could be changed so that all late claims are bought in to the next available return even if the box was unticked previously?thanks
Obviously there will be split transactions for most bank statement lines (to do with GST), but this is a report that is easily available on other softwares like MYOB.Thank you!New report need!
I have created groups however each time you navigate back to the homepage, all files are showing.Can you please create an option that allows you to choose which groups are showing on the homepage?
We could use these to send consignments.Please can you add weight/packsize plus barcode to inventoryPlease can we export accounts receivable to google docs as an option.
The only way I can see is using invoice numbers as reference number which means it will always change for the customers.Have Xero thought about utilising the BPay reference fields?
Need same functionality as Sageline 50 ie terms and ability to store credit scores (in future you could link this online to a credit rating agency).
I was not aware that this should be the remaining balance, not the full amount for the year, and in my first payroll after I set up, Xero deducted &#163;3000 from my PAYE/NI due to HMRC.
Ensuring that drivers hold current licences would be significantly easier if this informaiton is incorporated into the employee details section in Xero Payroll and tracked for expiry.
For instance MYOB payroll produces a payment schedule listing the employee's name, bank account number and net pay - this would be really useful.
This is a non taxable allowance which looks like it will need to be set up as a discretionary earnings type and this earnings type does not allowance a per hour rate to be entered.
For example where there is a gross wage of $1200 and $200 sacrificed for superannuation the gross wage of $1200 goes to wages expense and none of the sacrifice to superannuation expense.
Please note, I'm not saying Xero doesn't show the necessary info on the purchase order, just that better design would drastically reduce these human errors from occurring.
Every time the date is manually entered in the format , the result is returned in the format .Is there a way to define the preferred date format?Kind regards,Tim
I am unable to process payroll for my staff due to Payroll module being down.There is no information for how long, there is no information that Xero is even aware of it, let alone that they are working on restoring it.
This should actually be a feature for most times, ie when you have searched for a supplier, and you get a list of invoices, you should be able to scroll previous & next instead of having to go back to the list.
The bank feed balance, from the CBA, for my credit card is out by $1,200.The CBA have told me to contact Xero.How do I obtain the correct figure?Thank you,Kevin.
Please see the example below:This is how the transactions appear in my statements:ANZ M-BANKING FUNDS TFER                TRANSFER XXXXXX  TO  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXAnd I setup a rule with the following:1.
Lets say these would add up to 1000.00Out of this money I have taken  160.00 and moved it into my petty cash (not recorded or transferred this in Xero)No this is where my problem is.
Right now the placeholder only offers Week, Month, Year.We are issuing quaterly invoices and therefore we would need to apply placeholder accordingly.Thank you,Philippe
There is no conversion balances to look at and there is no duplicated statements.23 Oct 2014	Opening Balance	 	 	 	 	 	 	2,155.78	Can anyone help?Thanks in advanceCathy
The trouble I'm having is that when I upload a high quality 400x120px PNG (~15KB), Xero is compressing the image further so it ultimately come out looking pixelly/fuzzy on my PDF invoices.
2) When you are in the Account Transactions Report (from the new reports), you are able to select any number of transactions using a check box on the left hand side of the page.
I am trying to figure out how to apply several invoices to a single check payment that I have received..Just need to tag certain invoices...100+ to a single check payment...?
Hi,I am very new to Xero, so sorry if this is a simple fix.I am just wondering if there is a way to flag employee names that have not submitted timesheets and therefore do not appear in a pay run.
the first two days he works in a week are at one rate, the third, fourth and fifth at different rates to those and eachother.Just wondering what the best way to set this up is.
In bank reconciliation, the Xero tax filing entry PD numbers do not include the suffixes that indicate whether they are federal, state withholding, or state unemployment.
Hi, Sorry to ask such a basic question but I'm in need of a little help and not getting a clear enough/quick enough answer from Xero customer support.
?We expect balance to be shown: 7 hours  (assuming 63hours of entitlement calculated proportionally for the year)How to see year's holiday balance of the employees?Thank you.
Any tips?Rerun is made for small businesses, organizations & associations that accept recurring, subscription or membership payments by credit card or eCheck.For more information, check out .
Any tips?Import sales and customer data from your Magento or Magento Go online store into your Xero account - automated accounting for online retailers., check out .
We are looking for a CMS that can intergrate with  Xero,It need to utilise smartlist so we can monitor VIP customers, low volume customers  and customers who may have not ordered for awhile.
We are trying to integrate Tradegecko with Xero for a retail client and would like to know if anyone is or could recommend a Tradegecko specialist that we can use to.Many thanks
Hi Xero peeps,Anybody using any calendar/billing add-ons suitable for Chiropractors in Australia - ?if so do they integrate with Veterans Affairs and TAC?Thanks
HiCan someone please help me with how does SimPro and Xero communicate - just had a couple of clients of Simpro call and want to setup with Xero and I could use some advice
Hello, I havent seen any guidelines about the integration with Vend.Eventhough it should be rather simple, there certain areas that would required a clarification:Payables Invoices and Inventory.
(You could even offer some UI components so that third party apps could choose to inherit Xero's UI styling, to maintain a consistent UX.
What WOULD be good is to have a link beneath the "To" box that I can use to open a pop up and enter name, address, phone, email and bank account details when these are available.
CLUSTER 2158
Is that correct?End of year / taxesWe're quickly coming up on this.
Any tips?Scalable modern practice with Xero + WFM.
CLUSTER 2163
It would be really helpful if online account login details for suppliers could be added to the contact screen.
Please consider adding a field column for the customer account number to the screen where all invoices are listed.Thanks.
When you run the GST Reconciliation Report, the GST on sales in the filed column rounds as per the lodged BAS.
There is no way I could even begin to explain the current process necessary to my bookkeeper should I wish to take a holiday!
I have spoken to HMRC who have advised me that I should speak to Xero and may risk a late submission penalty if I resubmit RTI.
CLUSTER 2165
I have an account to track our employer contributions, but am wondering how to code the employee's portion?I don't use Xero payroll.
Is there a way of adding the Division field to the GL account transaction report so that I can see each line entry?
Even if for some reason you think your reports are better, you should have a whole menu of 'QB report formats' or have that as a preference.
Is ther a way of having these delete automatically using Spend Money?Can they be deleted from the In Box and not removed from the transaction.
Should this leave be treated the same way as Annual Leave and Sick Leave taken possibly?Thanks Leanne
Please contact customer service".<sarcastic>Xero's US Payroll is such a joy to work with!</sarcastic>
If you are a user of Xero and Digita Accounts Production Advanced, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2167
Please allow the invoice lists to show reference _instead_ of customer name (make it an option please)2.
However, some of us like our company, really only need a very simple way to calculate P&L per Job.
Would it be possible to change contacts so that when you export to Excel, the contact group is included as a field and can then be sorted.Regards, Ben
There should be a way to check if unreconciled items eventually balance with the bank statement.THIS WILL HELP A LOT WITH NOTICING ERRORS BEFORE THEY EVEN OCCUR.
Dear all, when filing my monthly VAT returns I need to provide a list of all supplier invoices with net amounts and VAT.
The CSV file has changed - gone are cost accounts and accumulated depreciation accounts (you know, the kind of info other systems will export out).
CLUSTER 2169
By the terms of our contract, half of it must be spent on agreed improvements to the property.
HiCan anyone recommend a reliable debt collection agency?ThanksDerek
Good MorningWhen there are negative amounts using the () the amounts are aligned to the right.
Or is there a proper way of zeroing out this transaction that was reversed by the bank so that it doesn't hit any Acct?
So if you are having similar issues please reply below so Xero we can demonstrate it is a wider issue.
CLUSTER 2170
Although in the account we had the failed/returned payments (an Amex acc) these transactions are showing on the bank statement.
Instead of only including an Upgrade prompt when transaction limits have been reached, how about telling me when my 20 transaction limit will be reset?
CLUSTER 2174
The way Bank of Ireland online works is that there is a general admin login (2 people required to login to this) then there are individual logins.
When a customer accepts quote online, there is no response from xero, we need something to go back to cust to say we will be in contact.
Hi thereI am producing payment summaries (there is only 1 employee) and the TFN is showing up as originally entered rather than how I updated and changed it.
Since you got $150M this last year in seed money, you should have paid someone to fix this or bought a company that had a solution that would have worked and integrated it.
CLUSTER 2175
In XERO, is creating a credit note the only way to make this adjustment?
An 'email from' drop down section would be really useful indeed.
Is there a way to report by group (top level) only?Thanks for any help.
CLUSTER 2177
We are advertising in a number of sites....Some sites pay us immediately (Home Away).... some pay us when the tenant enters the property (AirBnB).
HiI would like to see a 'tick box' in the pay run section to show that a draft invoice has been created for a pay run.
The only way to be sure is therefore to go one by one.. search through ALL the unmatched Expensify records in Xero looking for an amount which is similar (how similar?)
CLUSTER 2179
Do i need to set up a liability account "Deposits Received" (BAS Excluded)?
Hi,Can anyone advise if it is possible to reprint multiple original invoices?
How do I remove/delete entire bank account feeds from my Xero account?
Please can you change this so we dont have to touch the mouse once we are in the data entry screen
CLUSTER 2182
What number should I use or does it matter?These are bills from other companies that invoices me after doing work for me that were part of client projects.Would really appreciate any help / tips / advice.
It is impossible to use Xero Payroll for this member of staff which means I need an accountant to deal with it, another added expense for a small company.
Presently a photo of a receipt can be taken in Xero Touch at the time of the receipt creation, and it is automatically uploaded to the Xero financial files.
For some unknown reason our Users can no longer carry out some basic tasks that they could do yesterday.Those with “Adviser” status cannot allocate a payment to invoices.
CLUSTER 2184
trying to figure out how we can receive rented dvds back into the system without refunding a customer of $0
There are many issues related to the Fixed Assets, we would request XERO to come up with the solution for the same ASAP.
So I'm tempted to think I should also delete all the woocommerce and just post invoices based on the authorize net reports.
CLUSTER 2191
But is there a way that I can designate a certain amount of funds, let's say in my Bank Account, to a separate "savings box."
When importing goods we need to track any deferred GST and enter it as a seperate line item in our BAS.
Any tips?Simple, visual forecasting for freelancers, providing better insight into clients, projects, and income.
CLUSTER 2192
Approximately half of that cash is then kept on hand to purchase stock.
Somehow all the dates are hugely ahead of time (June 2013).
Staff can view the roster on PC or via smartphone app.
Can someone please help us  find how to do this in the Paypal account.
CLUSTER 2196
Hi All, is there a way to send dispatch notes to my warehouse team.
The purchase order details are either in the body of the email or as an attachment.
How can you access an individual category without going through the income statement?
Any tips?A project management tool made for humans, not robots.
CLUSTER 2207
Dumping a report into excel to "create" a comparative trial balance is not a solution.
What nominal code is best used in expenses for Xero subscriptions?Thanks
If I do it on Apple's Safari it renders OK.  My preference is to use Chrome - so what is going on?
Is there any way to align YTD amount on payslip with what the employee has earned to date?
Hovering over a pretty green folder is lovely but really not good enough.
CLUSTER 2209
From a privacy point of view we prefer to not show the TFN on any of the returns saved to PDF unless necessary.
So I am wondering if there is any easier, one off way to reconcile with the total amount outstanding in unpaid expense claims?
Hi,I would like to customise my invoices so that the amounts shown are GST inclusive rather than exclusive.
CLUSTER 2210
How do I treat the bank charges and GST transactions?Thanks.
Should I make a copy of the voided bills and reinstate them to Xero?
Please can you advise how I should record a contra payment between customers?
CLUSTER 2214
Would this still mean i can then pay myself back the 10,000 and not get hit with a tax bill?Many thanks for any help!
I'm interested in hearing from other accounting practices that take their fees from their clients refunds and what they think is the best way to manage this within Xero?
Is there any way that on the reconciliation report page, it could easily show you the last saved/completed reconciliation date?Thanks,Cassandra
In the basic subscription package for Xero there is a limit to the number of invoices that can be created per month before being required to upgrade to a more expensive subscription option.
(as it is if we set it under equity, but for a limited company with new financials it is set under current liabilities)Maybe it is something that Xero NZ could look into it to fix?
Any tips?Canadian Payroll 2.0 specifically designed and priced for small / medium businesses and accounting professionals - 100% paperless.
CLUSTER 2225
We are a small business (sole trader) who save our income tax money as we go each week into a business savings account.
I would like to see you support the Qantas Credit Union credit cards in regard to automatic feeds for xero.
CLUSTER 2226
they should carry forward.you already roll forward the Finance lease and Permanent File
Is there a way to pay multiple PayPal invoices simultaneously like a batch deposit?
If you are a user of Xero and A2X Accounting tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and POLi Payments, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2232
Any tips?Sick of fiddling with spread sheets?
Is it possible to only reconcile part of a bank receipt?
CLUSTER 2235
I need to show the $50 spent coded to "produce" on my income statement as an expense AND reconcile the expense.
We Import the afterPay transactions into Xero for reconciliation however I'm not sure how to handle the fees that are charged with each transaction.
When searching for payroll addons, we need to sort through many options that are not specific to a country (in our case USA).
Question 2.Does Xero/ClickSuper automatically draw funds from my bank account to pay the funds for me?
CLUSTER 2237
How would you class these to make sure they sum up right in the reports AND/OR the business performance?
This means each month/quarter/year manual journals are needed to correct the allocation.
Hi Could anyone tell me how I can restrict staff access to a specific client.
CLUSTER 2238
I can't find an audit trial report, or anyway of bring back deleted data.
It is very useful and a quick way to view Tax code allocations and correcting where necessary.
I love that there are the automated placeholders that can be inserted into emails to clients to further automate the use of Xero.
Does anyone know if it possible to send multiple Remittance Advices at one time?
For example: Salary employees view would show only the Totals for "This Pay" and "YTD".
Any tips?Download Xero data & create your custom reports directly in Excel.
CLUSTER 2243
Right now I don't use inventory tracking because I don't need to update inventory items more than on a quarterly basis.
Is it possible to add the ability to batch deposit into a suspense account instead of just the bank account.
The addition of this feature would allow for basic job costing built right into Xero.
If no report exists would the easiest solution be to create different item numbers for each category i.e.
CLUSTER 2244
Hi Folks,I wonder if anyone can advise me best practice to fix up a mistake.
An employee has submitted an expense claim with 5 receipts totalling 18,275.
Please show the icon for files attached to ALL bills paid, not just mobile attachments.
* I'm currently trying to decide if I want every item in its summation, or if all the details are better.
Is there a report or an Add On to Complete Certified Payroll Reporting for Davis Bacon Projects?
CLUSTER 2245
How can I record all that income and expenses earlier in the financial year into xero from my personal account?
Wasn't sure if we are set up as 50/50 partners then everything would need to be equal?
This is especially an issue when entering claim items which do not attract VAT, such as train fares.
Is there any way we could have reminders inserted against sub-contractors for renewal of their statutory insurances??
Hi,In the bank reconciliation report, is it possible to export the comments in the "discuss" tab?
We are having issues with clients not saving the GST return as final when they send the return off to IRD.
or what I am doing wrong?The Payroll activity summary figures are about 10% higher than the P&LThanksHeather
CLUSTER 2249
To be able to set defaults so when logging into Xero instead of going to all client list it could default to starred list or a specific group.
Is there a way to remove it using the API?I can't figure out if there is a way to remove directly the Credit Note from the Invoices or to remove the Allocation, using the API.
Any tips?Practice Happy: Australia’s leading online health practice management software as a service, any time, from anywhere, with any device and browser.
I am furious!When an inovice has a lot of lines items chances are the VAT might be coming out wrong which results in the intire inovice beeing wrong.
CLUSTER 2250
My question is: As I did the VAT return manually using our old accounts system and added July's invoices from Xero - is there any way of marking off the July invoices (both sales and purchase) which I included in the VAT return?Thank you :)
All they can do on Xero Me is enter in a number and there is zero accountability to this, no way to follow up if they're not taking time for a break (or not reporting their break times as non-paid) and very hard to double-check with supervisors that the time they reported working is the time they actually worked.
It is more logical and it is way less time consuming.Having a better view in the transaction log, similar to that of a bank account, where you can see all the details:Date, Amount, Customer or Vendor, Category (Account), NotesLook at Mint as an example - very clean UI and easy to use.
CLUSTER 2251
Our business how grown and we have now activated GST as of 1 January 2016.
Hi,I need to enter every single sale invoice .
How do I account for this?I assumed I reconcile the $1000 against a Bill created for the purchase.
How do I remove the payment then delete the claim?Many thanks in advanceGemma
How on earth do i import items with no purchase account nor COSG account?
CLUSTER 2269
Is there anyway to link the two bank payments for £5.50 and £1.10 to the single invoice for £6.60?Many thanks!
Salary sacrifice contributions are tied to Wages and Salaries.When doing a taxation reconciliation, we need to know what SGC have been paid, or still outstanding.
Is anyone aware of how this could be done - or are there any apps/Add-Ons which can give us this functionality - lots can import but are there any that can export?Thanks
A report pulling the details of the amounts and creditor based on the planned payment date would save me hours per week.
CLUSTER 2270
I am hoping there is a short cut to this, as I have to do for last two years!
Am I missing something or is there an easier way to figure this out?Thanks
How do I go about getting rid of this bank statement line?
Any tips?NZ's premier online payroll service.
I hate the fact I can't talk to anyone by picking up the phone.
CLUSTER 2274
I take payments through Paypal and Worldpay and have domestic and international customers.What would be the best method for accounting for some sales being subject to VAT and others not (i.e.
I know with this paperwork I can not submit for a VAT refund, that is fine.Example 2:  the bank account shows a purchase from Esso petrol station.
It would be good to categorize/hide the inventory items to 'we sell' 'we buy' separately so they are easier to look for when adding, editing etc.
The process of grouping the beneficiary accounts where there are more than 5, and also re-naming the first 5 beneficiary headings from "Beneficiary 1" etc to the legal name.
(Not for BAS purposes at least)  As a former CPA this is incorrect accounting treatment (Unless I need to go back to Uni and do a refresher course).
CLUSTER 2275
If you are a user of Xero and HR Central, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Dragon Law, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Appogee HR, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Podio by Phases, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Volusion by Vextras, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Magento by Unleashed, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Fifo Workpapers, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2277
Hi guys need to reconcile account with one invoice paid more.
I know this part has been asked before so is there any hope of it appearing sometime soon :)  Thanks
That would save my company the monthly fees for payroll we pay now through Square.
Does anyone know what add-ons I can use to do this?My client is an employment agency.
Xero is expensive so I don't want to create new Xero accounts on a whim.
CLUSTER 2278
There are however, a few fields that can’t be edited, and we’d like to get an indication of the demand for those.
>> best would be a field where users can enter any information they like)
Any tips?Run your payroll & manage employees anytime anywhere.
Hi - is anyone doing bank reconciliation of their iZettle card payments?
CLUSTER 2285
If you are a user of Xero and Magento by Zapier, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Magento by DEARsystems, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Ozbiz Solutions, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and BigCommerce by OneSaas, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Evernote by Zapier, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Magento by OneSaas, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Spotlight Multi, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ZenDesk by Zapier, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2290
We just take the balance owed out of the next quarter's payment, until they are back in the black.
Is there any way I can print a full ledger report for profit & loss accounts only?
I paid it from my company checking account as an owner draw (as I wasn't aware any was deductible).
CLUSTER 2297
Our US Dollar bank account in Xero is reconcilled but is showing a credit amount of $26.04.
There are myriad problems with the user roles in how they are currently set up.A couple of examples - I have a new employee who can only issue invoices.
For expense receipts I use 'Receipt Bank' app - whilst on the go you photo the receipt and send it straight off.
CLUSTER 2298
The ability to use "Contains" logic as in (Reference contains "search term") instead of only having the choice of "is" or "is not".
This is awesome.There is also a blue "SAVE" button which allows you to "save and add another"... invoice.
I understand this is because of Xero's electronic filing systems, but when you need to file a paper form (e.g.
CLUSTER 2299
What I cannot understand if why bank reconciliation for the first of the month sometimes does not match the opening cash balance on my Cash summary report for the month beginning the same day.For instance on 1/12/15 my bank rec said I had cash at bank of $52,846.44 whereas the opening bank balance on the cash summary for the month of December 2015 shows  $52,339.54, a difference of Some $506.90.
Clicking on the very top left image on the Xero page brings up the My Xero link and the Recent organisations list.We have all (8) our businesses, Trusts, holiday home, daughter's business etc in Xero,  and flick between them regularly, so could you make this Recent list show All businesses under the one login, or at least 10 rather than just the latest 5 it currently shows.
CLUSTER 2303
This is frustrating because Xero has provided a means of collection information that I can't report on.Is this feature in the road map?Peter
At the moment unless the email provider I send an invoice to has a postmaster, I don't know if clients are receiving their invoices.
CLUSTER 2305
So these are expenses that have been paid for personally, but I want to now claim for the home office costs portion.How best to do this in Xero?
On most other software we use or have used in the past, you can put in a Quantity and a final Total and the Units will be calculated automatically.
CLUSTER 2306
Hi,I am trying to adjust a submitted expense claim that went through with 15% GST when it should have been no GST as it was an overseas transaction.
For example, in a retail situation managers of one location can login and see their location but not other locations or bank accounts of other locations.
CLUSTER 2307
Who wants to see a transaction 3 financial years ago.In fact any page that has that sorting option should automatically go that way.
When leave is 3 or 2 months away send reminder everyday because employee might need to book flight ticket to oversea.
Xero currently has bank feeds to DBS Personal accounts but that is essentially useless since Xero is an accounting software for businesses.
However, unless I convert the P/O to a bill, I cannot allocate this payment to the specific Purchase Order.Furthermore, I need the supplier invoice number on the bill.
I currently can't do this, although the information is clearly available in the database, there is no way for me to surface these values with the report, or even when dumping bill or invoice lists.
CLUSTER 2308
I think this is pretty urgent and would be used often by all of us.
When I get to Accounts > there is no option to choose Cheques.Any idea?ThanksSvetlana
CLUSTER 2316
When inputting bills does anyone know if there is a way to bypass the unit price and quantity fields?These are unnecessary fields and add time to processing when entering masses of supplier invoices!ThanksLucy
I would like to be able to add blank lines to Invoices and PO so that the 'footer'of each is displayed at the bottom of the page and not immediately under the last item added.ie have totals and notes kept to the bottom of the page.
CLUSTER 2320
Obviously the individual can physically pay the company back, but how will we show this in the accounts?Thanks for your helpToria and Jon
Any tips?Send a friendly SMS reminder a couple of days before an invoice is due & follow up if overdue.
CLUSTER 2331
I have an employee with a new wage garnishment... first time this has come up.I am required to deduct the amount from the employee's paycheck and pay it on their behalf.
Could anyone give advise please on the best way to handle the following transactions in Xero.We are a property development business.
Customers pay us in a lump sum of multiple items and in these lump sum there are are a couple of transactions that are not performed in the current year.
When users enter each receipt and its details and click on "add" they're given 2 options - "save draft" or "submit for approval".
I can't tell how well we are going from when we originally started til current or a selected month.Can you please add that back on?ThanksTien
We are inputting 200-250 invoices per month.Does anyone have any experience of other xero-compatible software?Many thanks,Vicky
CLUSTER 2334
Is it possible to introduce Cost of Revenue as an Expense category?
Inventory items should have the option to add the expiration date.
He has to track each item in case of recall as it is fresh product.
CLUSTER 2336
Or should I just forget about breaking the sales tax out separately and just say all purchases are tax inclusive?
I see that Xero calls it a credit note (which I think is a good idea for the avg.
how do i create a 'self billing invoice' in xero or any of xero's partners.Surely this is possible??
Is there any way of assigning a tracking category just for expenses so it doesn't also appear in sales invoices?
How do I remove the original invoice, because it's been partially paid I can't see a delete option or anything.
I have set up an employee who is on a salary of $50k and is working 40 hours per week.
CLUSTER 2343
I think that it should only remember information stored against the contact.
Now, I can't reclaim the VAT back from that purchase as it isn't over £2000.
Net Salary is &#163;4,800.
CLUSTER 2344
So, I guess I would also need to know how to categorize a business expense from my personal account.
Please add a column to the VAT detail report to show the contact (customer/ supplier).
So despite having these on the report, it's still necessary to go into the contact record to contact th customer.
At present the only way around this issue is to export the report to excel and then manually update the report.
Hello,Is it possible to round an invoice amount so that does not have cents, only Dollar amounts?Thanks,Gulli
I see that using the "transfer money" function is the recommended way to do this...   but how in the world do I print a check for this amount then?
This is necessary for my clients to understand how they we're invoice.Attached is an sample invoice.Thanks,Renora Tino
CLUSTER 2348
I can't see any need for the button General Settings ... e.g.
For Singapore timezone, the invoice reminders are emailed between 4-8am.
We believe this should be a matter of urgency to make all reports editable by Advisors.
A beta version is now available for preview at http://dearsystems.com .
CLUSTER 2350
However I don't see how I can record a 'declaration' of the shareholder salary in the system.
There is no drop down contact list when I go to create a new invoice?
Is this possible without having to add all variations of the transactions to the Bank Rule?
CLUSTER 2351
What is the best way to handle this?If I process the payroll and select "check" as the method of payment, there will not be a cash withdrawal that will show up in the reconciliation as she is not taking the money out.
I need to back pay an employee for tool allowance but need to know his hours worked across a certain period.Thanks
That's fine for monthly paid employee - not so great for weekly paid people - it should show the (tax) week number!When are all these "basics" going to be sorted out please?
When going through bank reconciliation for say a &#163;100 amount across multiple transactions I would perform a search under the match tab.
Any tips?iKentoo is an enterprise iPad based hospitality POS, which links seamlessly to Xero, and is trusted by over 3000 restaurants and bars worldwide.
CLUSTER 2360
We are looking to transfer a client from MYOB into Xero, however the client currently has a number of foreign currency accounts.
(I could only find a prepayments expense account in COA, do I need to create a Prepayments Liability account?)2.
Hello,It would be really useful if you could create a search for contacts that have had NO transactions / activity in the past XX.
I run a cafe and we work in weeks not months so I need reports to display upto 52 weeks not just 11.
CLUSTER 2364
Is there a way to mark the invoice as paid before the Stripe deposit that doesn't break this process?I hope this makes sense, many thanks in advance for any advice.
This means the purchases are overstated on the BAS (basically doubled)I think it's technically incorrect to label the item invoice as BAS Excluded because technically they are a GST Free purchase.
example, should I receive an invoice today dated 31st May, I can still put that through although the 31st of May is a locked month.
would love to be able to export list of suppliers to be paid out of xero and import it in the bank format for say Santander BAnk PLC?
I entered a bill and paid it however I wanted to pay online via a ABA file can I still do this or is there a way I can delete the bill payment and start again.
CLUSTER 2367
Does anyone else do this and how have you found the experience?
Can anyone please tell me if this is possible?
Is this just me or are other users experiencing this issue?ThanksSusan
Can anyone advise how to get around this?
CLUSTER 2372
);  so how do you actually change the period of the monthly invoices you email to your clients?Thanks,Andrew
Why are my Rules being ignored over matches?Do I really need to OK every rule?
CLUSTER 2373
Prior to xero - I just used spreadsheets base on bank downloads for receipts, (and then painstakingly categorizing after the end of the year).
Currently you can only select all tracking categories or just one, but I need to show two jobs in one Profit and Loss Report.
Hi,I have been emailing my customers quotes and they haven't received them (I think they might be going in to the spam filter) is there anything that can be done with this?
I'd like to pay an employee a fixed annual salary, so that each pay run I don't need to worry about entering hours.
HiI am considering switching to using Xero for payroll, but I would need it to track holiday entitlement.
CLUSTER 2375
If so, how do I process this through the Xero accounts?Any help would be greatly appreciated.Thank you,Patricia
How about allowing some of the important features of Xero Payroll to show on the standard Xero Dashboard?
I need to be able to run reports on numerous payroll items - e.g..
Could you look into this please as I really need to set this feed up as soon as possible?
If you are a user of Xero and Happy HR, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Houston Medical, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ResBook by Tomahawk, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2376
However according the local GAAP's in m&#233;xico (NIF) I need reclassify the balances negatives in AR as account "cash in advance" but I don't know how make it... anyone help me?
they only need to be a couple hundred KBThe issue is exacerbated by exceptionally slow file delivery from go.xero.com/docs/docs.. where a 2MB jpeg takes 18.5s to stream down!
I would really like to see you add a reporting function that has 1. individual PNL for each month in the current year - Jul/Aug/Sep etc2.
(I have an ecommerce)Is there a way to import these invoices in different bank accounts?Or need I to manually click one by one and choose the correct bank account?Thank you and sorry about my terrible english!Roberto
CLUSTER 2381
Does anyone know if there is a way for me to batch post purchase invoices to Xero?
I'm surprised there is no field to date individual line items on a receivables invoice.
My wife uses Xero but I have access to check accounts which I might do monthly.
CLUSTER 2385
Hi, I need to set up a recurring sales ledger client receipts for those that pay me by DDR.We have up to 350 DDR receipts per month and entering these to each individual client would be a nightmare timewise.
These show correctly in inventory now.However, when I run a profit & loss report the figures are still skewed and when I drill down into the invoice the products are still showing as the wrong general expense code.
Even if I delete the opening balance, it is still leaving what has accrued in the first 2 pay runs under that type.Is there a way to get this done so I can stop using so many different leave types?Thanks in advanceAmy
CLUSTER 2388
Can  you please confirm the most appropriate accounts code for the consultant's invoice?
The account code can be alpha numeric and up to 10 characters long.
At the moment you need to click on the box and then start typing.Just a few thoughts.
WooCommerce is one of the leading e-commerce plugins for Wordpress.
CLUSTER 2390
The quote number needs to be on the invoice to avoid customer queries and should be included on the sales invoice along side the additional references information.
If it also had the option to compare more than one month, that would be even better and very valuable as a reporting and management tool for both advisers and business operators.
Is it possible to either have it as a pop up window within Employee Overview or alternatively have the capability to right click and open in a new window.
CLUSTER 2391
to manually find it in the account transactions.Is there a way that I can just see everything in the "suspense" account so I can go through one by one and make sure they are all correctly allocated so it doesn't throw out our profit and loss?
You would be able to see how much you're selling from any time period you want, this would useful for me as I book labour out and I would be able to see how productive the staff are in a given month or 1/4 or year
Can we make these fields available as if we can run an overall report for all of our clients Years ends we can set recurring jobs for the year and we can stay on top of impending deadlines and chase clients up more efficiently.
One hung around 25 MB, one hung around 30 MB and one hung around 50 MB.Anyone else encountered this?Thanks
Hi Can anyone help with what program i would need to add barcodes to my inventory, so that when i scan it, it automatically is shown in the xero invoice and then deducted from my inventory count..
Hi Is there any add ons that send automatic email reminders to clients?For example... we have a client that is a MOT Centre and would like automatic emails sent when their renewal is coming up... is there any add on that will do this?Thanks
CLUSTER 2392
The only way around not having a 'parked' tax credit in my books (either Xero or IR10), is to not gross up the interest income and thus have tax free income to the amount of the RWT.Thoughts?
We need minimal human involvement and can't afford for it to become an accounting nightmare.We are using a service called Recurly to manage customer subscriptions and collect payments via Paypal.
The client would get an invoice with say 3 machines on the one bill I want to be able to give the client a report at the end of the year on all the work carried out on any of his machines.
Clearly many thought the same as I did - we are already paying for a service, and are now being expected to pay more for the same service.I then asked whether Xero wuld commit to maintain the Yodlee feel after August 2015.
CLUSTER 2396
Xero should make a virtual stock entry tab where hardcore manufacturers like me who purchase 100’s of different different raw material and sell only 2 or 3 finished goods can accurately enter their stock every month.
Obviously this is incorrect for the VAT cash scheme, and causes problems if one VAT return is being submitted late and you're dealing with two in one go.Therefore there's no quick way of dealing with a backlog when reconciling if you're on the VAT cash scheme.
CLUSTER 2405
The other account is a Current Asset that I would like to make the correct account.My accountant is not XERO savvy and has been involved in this process.
I have over 600 repeating invoices, this could be done within 1 hr  if I could export them out, but takes days to edit them otherwise
CLUSTER 2407
Hello,How do i record the VAT in Xero for an invoice that has VAT on it but we cannot claim back.
At present the only way to see how much VAT is liable on an invoice is to go into each invoice.
Is there anywhere that I can see how long before I get an automatic feed for the CashPlus business account?
If you just delete the statement line it is still there so Xero pulls through the date from the transaction that has been deleted!
How do you reconcile multiple statement lines to an invoice when you have already put in the payment date?
CLUSTER 2409
I think that the My Xero screen in the partner edition should come up with just a search box rather than a client list.
Xero assumes that every month’s worth is different depending on the number of weekdays in the calendar month.
Over the last year the Canadian dollar has been in free fall against the US dollar and we are paying significantly more for subscriptions.
CLUSTER 2413
Does anyone know of any Accountants or accounting firms in Norway that support Xero?
We have been using Capsule CRM integrated with Xero for a few weeks now without any problems.
CLUSTER 2415
I believe the way GST works is a little bit tricky.
They send us an invoice marked paid by direct debit.
As far as I've been able to determine, there is no way to do City income tax.
CLUSTER 2424
we are not paying the full amount, just any recurring transactions like subscriptions plus an amount off the initial balance).
Hi Team,Is it possible to show the foreign currency balance in their origin currency in Bank Summary?
Hi, Could you please let me know if anyone has migrated from a filemaker database for sales, into xero.
Alternatively, is it possible for Xero  to include a pdf of the quote in the email forcing the client to go online?2.
Any tips?Vega.Works is  A complete CRM, communications & engagement tool and fundraising platform Find out more about .
CLUSTER 2426
Please can someone tell me how I would go about doing this in Xero.Many thanksJames
Or is there a better way sending the data directly from my server to xero for example.
It seemsfrom my research that I need to be using timesheets to be able to pull that information out.
Any tips?ApprovalMax powers up Xero with multi-step approval workflow.
CLUSTER 2429
It is just sitting in account transaction page as Unreconciled.How would I deal with these two issues?Thanks
I thought that FX exchange gains were relevant if I was an FX dealer (which I'm not).Any thoughts?Thanks,Nick
Statements should be in detail showing all the transaction sort by date and with full description and amount thereby.
Currently if I run a report of invoice history I can only show the date range and total amount.
Based on this configuration, Xero should automatically assign each of the receipt date as the report date for each of the receipt.
I can confirm that payment summaries have not been published and that the employee's start dates are prior to the payrun date.
CLUSTER 2430
Is there a way to set quotes to be Tax Inclusive?
Could you advise if there is an easier way of doing this please?
I tried to look for them everywhere but could not figure out why they're there.
For some reason Xero is now in very small font - in all pages.
How do I fix this so that the leave entitlement balance is correct?
CLUSTER 2432
This can take anything from a week to a month to hit the bank.
Is there some way to manually change the opening or closing balance?
Could we get an inbuilt calculator in all value fields?
I'm checking if this is how Revert to Draft is designed or whether this is a bug?
CLUSTER 2435
Is this the only way to continue to see historical details for a client's accounts?
All of my items are whole items so I don't require any decimals on my Sales Invoice.
This should have some form of plan drafting or design software as well if possible.
How is VAT closed off at the end of a quarter and transferred to the accounts payable
CLUSTER 2436
This would require the bookkeeper (not me) to diligently use this feature when reconciling the bank each month and I'm concerned that it would be too easy to forget to use this feature every time and hence end up with incomplete/misleading reports.I guess my question then is which of these approaches would be best or is there another way that I haven't thought of which would be even better?
Each month when our client runs their statements any amounts paid is split off the invoices by way of part payments (which is normal in most cases) but they only show the full payment received and not as allocated to several invoices The ability to show the full amount paid (payment history of payments made on statement not split) would be great for many business that operate in this way.
It makes it very easy then to identity, pick up & batch all bills that need to be paid at the end of the month, as they all have the same reference.This works fine for us, but we do get requests from our suppliers as to what invoices we are paying, as the remittance only says 'April 17 Statement'.Is there anyway to send a remittance with the body of the purchase showing?Are we purchasing incorrectly?Thanks
It automatically creates a Xero invoice for $25 and a Xero payment of $25 and matches them together to mark the invoice as paid.This seems great because it's all automatic and has no manual entry.But then my PayPal bank account statement gets imported into Xero, which includes all the sales amounts.
CLUSTER 2437
Does anyone know how to get Xero to net out the following lines into a single, net "Retained Earnings" line?
HiJust wanted to find out if there is a way of reconciling the accounts without importing a bank statement or having bank feeds.
)So I pay the landlord = €750 Then pay TaxMan €250 the following month.Please let me know how you deal with this.
"How would Amanda ever know there is a note for her?Please make new notes clearly visible e.g.
I have three employees who are paid individually, not in a batch, so when reconciling their transactions appear on the left hand side of the screen.
Simply put this has put Canadians at a price disadvantage wherein we are paying almost 45% more than US users.
CLUSTER 2440
Is there a way to track how much of a client's PO has been billed through Xero?
Surely, these shouldn't even be mentioned wherever VAT is concerned?3).
I am wondering if anyone has similar needs and how you handle it.Thanks,Alan
Is there a way we can show client contact number and email on invoice?
Are there any hardware / software solutions out there that you would recommend?Thanks!Harold
CLUSTER 2444
Changes to a project could be included in this second category.
I believe there is a Fooman connector and also One-saas.
CLUSTER 2448
for the previous twelve months.Thus I still show v.a.t.
I dont know should i record them as the fixed asset or period expense?
When I look at the following months the opening and closing balances are zero.
How do I do that to so the full sale amount of $1150 but include the certegy fee?
Occasionally there is a need to send out email communication to suppliers and customers.
Can there be a new option to allow you to re-file a return that has not gone to Xero.
CLUSTER 2450
However, default terms cannot be set when using a customized branding theme.It would be helpful to be able to set default terms for branded themes as it is tiresome to copy and paste the terms for a new quote.Also, if the feature to modify the payment terms could be added to invoices, it would be really helpful also.
With the general pool of assets I need to deprecate these at 15% for the first year in (regardless of when during the year they were bought its as though all were bought on Jul 1st) then in year 2 I need to depreciate these at 30% for the rest of their time.Is there a way we could automate this rather than having to change each asset in the pool.Thanks
When the employee submits their claim the authorisor gets an email saying go do!Love the ability to take photo's of receipts...slightly cumbersome with Android having to manually find the picture but still a great improvement over others.One last note:  The entry box for text on this Forum/Community post i.e.
CLUSTER 2452
I want to show she got paid and want to apply the payroll to the withdrawal.ThanksNasir
Does anybody have any idea why employees tax file number details have suddenly disappeared?
When I enter timesheets the dates are incorrect and I am unable to go back to the correct dates.
Hi Everyone,Does anyone know an add on suitable for a self storage business.
Hi AllHas anyone experience with Spanner planner they would like to share?
CLUSTER 2458
Is there a way to designate money for an upcoming expense so it is not spent?I'm hoping that explains what I need.
Any tips?Maintain Product and Product-group specific pricing by Customers in Xero.
CLUSTER 2459
But I was wondering if anyone had any idea on how to go about recording the payments in, the repayments out and the interest.
I'm a bit confused about how to enter a reference number that can be used in the payment of a bill.
Is there a way we can increase the session timeout, even if we're just using a trial account?
CLUSTER 2462
That way it puts us back in control of the data we're importing, which quite frankly is imperative.
Especially if these single pennies are moving wages through critical thresholds.Hey Xero, any thoughts on this?
CLUSTER 2463
In reality, we are selling items from a supplier and then pay the supplier when customer pays us.Appreciate commentsPit
Clearly I need to get this organized for end of year payment summaries so any suggestions will be welcome.RegardsTrisha
CLUSTER 2464
Quickbooks wasn't so tax obsessed, so I never broke out the taxes on purchases of supplies for the business.
If Yodlee can work with FastNet Classic then there shouldn't be any reason why it can't work with FastNet Business as well.
My question is: which payment category is used in Payroll?Allowances subject to super and PAYG?
CLUSTER 2469
Any help would be appreciated as the client has around 20-30 transactions that will need to be reimputed if the only way to fix is to remove and redo.
HelloI wondered if anyone could possibly advise a way around this.We hold an Amazon account and any payments received are after fees are deducted.
Because I rename the 4 areas provided in the title page it then leaves me no other space to input any other detail I would like to have on the title page.
Since I have to process ACH payments 3 days in advance it would be nice if there was a delayed email to the employee on the day they are getting paid.
The date that shows up are for approval payment only, not based on the original receipt that we put on the expenses Claim ( is there any way to display the original date for the receipt ?)2.
Any tips?CaseFox is an easy to use Web-based timekeeping and billing software for attorneys, law firms, accountants, mediators, psychologist and consultants.
Any tips?A robust and flexible integration for pro and enterprise Salesforce accounts, importing opportunities as accounts receivable invoices, check out .
CLUSTER 2479
The best I seem to get is if I run a Cash Summary Report, except it counts all my Owner A Drawings (amounts I have transferred from the business account to personal account - essentially my income) as Operating Expenses.Is there a better way to get a clear business position on a cash basis - I don't think I am asking anything substantial - I just want to be able to see in one clear spot:Total Income (sales) receivedTotal Expensesand if possible GST and PAYG movements Or am I incorrectly allocating drawings?Thanks
Reconciling an account, there is a £200.00 debit from the account to the skip hire company.I have assigned the transaction as COA "438 - Repairs & Maintenance";I have assigned it to a tracking category of "Property 1"It is listed as a Debit.Now for the glitch:I view Reports / Profit & Loss.I click the "Compare Properties" (I have a main tracking category of "Properties", with sub categories of "Property 1", "Property 2" etc etc)I gives a lovely breakdown of all COA's per property etc.
CLUSTER 2480
I want to be able to see how much of our invoices were actually paid last month, but not include the proportion paid towards billable expenses.
Hi.I have found that I classified some goods as a general expense and not direct expense as they should have been.I have gone into inventory and changed the codes to the right ones.
When posting payroll to the G/L, the wages expense and payroll tax expense are posted in summary per pay period.
CLUSTER 2485
Nor is there any way to account for materials used, which appear elsewhere on purchase invoices.Is there some Xero accounting method for reporting a business loss?Thanks,
This would work good for our business as we sell our hours worked and staff could then enter timesheet and select the customer they worked for.
I would like to see the ability for subcontractor time to be entered on a task-by-task basis for detail billing to the client.
Hello,It may be a simple question but nowhere in the interface i could find how to transfer Awaiting invoices to a Paid area.
CLUSTER 2488
Is there anyway I can move funds between my own accounts and not have this impact on the limited 20 bank statement lines I have each month as I don't really want to have to upgrade to the next level of fees.
In simple words if I pay 800 pounds as director's remuneration the report in Xero shows 1600 pounds paid in August and there is no way to merge the two transactions.That's annoying!
CLUSTER 2490
HiI am looking to use Xero but am not sure how to raise an expense for a bill from Fedex that represents the GST for an imported shipment from the US.
HiI am looking to use Xero but am not sure how to raise an expense for a bill from Fedex that represents the GST for an imported shipment from the US.
Hi, my issue relates to invoice templates.For my business, I need to create packing slips or delivery slips before invoices.
One of my clients would have great use for this feature as they manage a group of language teachers that need to be assigned projects by the school.
This would include, for EUR invoices/bills, also the original amount in EUR and the EUR>GBP FX used for each invoice.
I know Xero does not do this currently but does anyone know an add on that may do different currenies on each line of a single invoice.ThanksMark Harding
CLUSTER 2492
I've received rental income in my business bank account that should have been sent to my personal account.
What the what?I don't need any responses - I just want Xero to know how really frustrating this makes people.
HiIs there any way in Xero to get a listing of who is yet to approve the leave requests?
If you are a user of Xero and Sky Collect, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
I am wondering if there are issues with the bandwidth or any ways to improve the overall speed of the various pages.
CLUSTER 2494
The best fix for us would be to be able to select asset accounts in addition to expense accounts.
November's payroll was run and filed to HMRC but our PAYE liability is showing around &#163;3.5k more than it should.
CLUSTER 2496
This is really handy when we have a client that is switching from reporting GST on a cash to an accruals basis.
When I process a payment through Xero, the options that come up are to send the receipt or view invoice.
We are in the construction industry, and for supplier bills with retentions, we enter two bills into Xero.
Also there doesn't seem to be a way of deleting superfluous pay items that I no longer need??
CLUSTER 2497
Hi There,I'm using Xero from Safari(various versions) on a Mac(10.7 through 10.10) and *sometimes* when I edit the message, the "Message" text field disappears from the dialogue.I can make this issue re-occur by:- Editing the first line.- Adding in additional text in the message.- Deleting some of the template text.On deleting the text (usually highlighting a few lines and pressing delete) the text box disappears.
Everytime I edit an item in the inventory and save it, it stays on the item and I have to then click the back button to get back to the main inventory.I have sorted this to A-Z and 200 items per page but every time I click back it defaults to the out of the box setting so I have to change and go to the page I was working on.Can this be changed to eithergo to the inventory page I was on when i saved the item so I can continueorWhen I click the back button XERO goes back to where I was and my settings not the default.And can it stay on my settings so when I open it next time I don't have to change again?
CLUSTER 2510
Is there a way of finding how much we are in credit with these suppliers?
Hello,I am a small business offering a service.
Or maybe a loan and interest expense split.
CLUSTER 2515
Is this possible in Xero?
Is this possible with Xero?
Is this possible in Xero?
CLUSTER 2518
If they pay someone 40 hours, where in fact they should have paid 38 hours, they will be required to back-pay overtime, and they will also have unnecessarily out layed superannuation - and they will not be able to get the superannuation back.I think both defaults should be changed to 38 hours, therefore:normal entitlement for annual leave will be 152 hours default, and normal entitlement for personal/carer's leave will be 76 hours default.Of course a SME should always seek expert advice in these matters....
Hi Everyone,I have a client who had payroll set up since before I started with them.The pay fortnightly on a Salary basis.They have the fortnight set up as 80 hours (40 hour week) and all leave is accrued accordingly.However, when the staff member requested one week leave it calculates as 38 hours.Is there a setting to change this or another way to deal with it without converting the leave accrued at 8 hours back to 7.6?
CLUSTER 2519
Or can the intnl fee be expensed immediately as a bank charge?
I need to create reports that aren't strictly filtered by dates.
The payments are all variable so we can't set up recurring/repeating bills.
CLUSTER 2520
If anyone can suggest processes or programs that would help.
The website accepts payments on behalf of these companies i.e.
Is there any way to mark them in the same fashion as is done with outgoing invoices?
Can anyone please recommend a payroll add-on that is not too expensive?
CLUSTER 2523
is there a way of controlling a new fixed asset code once set up in the Chart of Accounts that allows any postings to be put into the Pending list under the Fixed Asset module?
Do I need multiple Xero accounts or should I keep all 3 properties in 1 account?5) I had to travel to purchase these homes and to get them ready to list on Airbnb, how to I record airfare transactions?
Hi all, I'm setting up on the trial to see how I get on with this tool, does anyone know how I set this up to show I'm on the flat rate tax scheme at 13.5% as a new business?RegardsClaire
Happy to download the MP4 files and watch locally on my PC if the videos are massivehttp://blog.xero.com/2012/01/xero-developer-workshop/#more-23347
Hi Guys n Gals,I'm an idiot, wasn't paying attention and deleted an old pay run (from October last year) because I was trying to edit a leave entry that should have been put in back then but wasn't.
(Note that Tom from iZettle responded to the review and suggested a way to make the manual entry of product info a bit easier - Thanks Tom).Is anyone else using this interface?
CLUSTER 2528
If you are a user of Xero and Agile CRM, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and OnePage CRM, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Capsule CRM, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?Canadian Payroll - A complete online payroll solution with Xero integration.
CLUSTER 2530
Of course this is only an issue if there is multiple trading statements.
Sorry customers, I can't print out the sales description?
How can I delete an approved timesheet which has the incorrect hours?
CLUSTER 2532
Once I have deducted the commissions owed to me by each small business I then send the remainder of the monthly debit/credit card payments that have built up in my account back to the individual small businesses.The problem I am having in Xero is that the debit/credit card payments money that comes into my bank account from PayPal is grouped from hundreds of small businesses and there is no way to tell how much originates from which small business by using the PayPal download.
HiI would like to be able to print receivables/payables reports which show GST as a separate item, so I can see the real value of our in/out goings.The Payable/Receivable Reports and Customer/Supplier Invoice Reports all show GST inclusive values.Is there a setting I can change, or another report, or a way of generating this without exporting to excel and adding gst columns?Sorry if this is an obvious thing, I did have a look in xero and in other discussions before I posted!ThanksKaren
CLUSTER 2535
If there are bank feeds, the relevant bank accounts should drop off the manual selection list.
If you are a user of Xero and Zoho Reports, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Stryke Tax, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Employment Hero, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2539
A portion of this sale was agreed to be paid to one of the owners as part of his cash contribution...as he brought this job into the business having done a great deal of the groundwork in a previous life.What is the best way to treat part of this sale being treated as funds introduced by owner A?Cheers,Hayden
HI how do I add multiple bank transactions to one xero tranactionsExampleBank lines all separate as paid to indivualsEmployee 1 wage £200Employee 2 wage £250 Employee 3 wage £150match this to one xero posting of WAGES £600I can do it in reverse but cant see how to do the above, many thanks in advance!
Easy to find as they are already filtered for that Customer.Zoho Invoices allows you to create an Expense, assign it to a Customer and either add it to the Invoice or create a separate Invoice directly.Note: The QB and Zoho examples are purely intended to clarify the funtionality.So, is there any way to do something similar in Xero?
CLUSTER 2540
So I'm guessing it should go against "Income Tax Expense", but that doesn't sound right either.
Sometimes when invoicing there are special requirements or information that need to be added to an invoice.
Shipping from USPS is applied to invoice along with other info (such as tracking number?).
Is it possible to get managers to approve time sheets for the group they are assigned to?
CLUSTER 2541
Is it possible to automatically create an invoice for each sale in Paypal, supposing the automatic import works?
Hi,Is it possible to move or import data form one Xero subscription to another?
If you are a user of Xero and Fishbowl Time & Labor, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2551
These items will not be sold, and need to be removed from our tracked inventory.
Would it still be cost of goods sold or depreciation?
I just need at a glance to know what's coming in and what's going out overall.
Does anyone know a better way to do this as it is time consuming?
CLUSTER 2554
In this case, how should I record the $ 2000 in our book without messing the loan account ?Thanks in advance
What is the best way to handle entering product shipments that I have already bought and paid for?
It would be great if we could copy an existing standard invoice to a new repeating template.
Hi thereI am wondering of there is a way to retrieve the email sent to a client along with their invoice.
CLUSTER 2555
or someone else higher up can take my cases in????
HiI'm guessing that this is a slightly unusual request.
Does anyone have advice for handling this situation in Xero?
Zoho books has this feature and I love is so much.
That is normally how expense is reimbursed at most companies here in the US.
CLUSTER 2559
I thought I should just set it up as a mid-year conversion, and look back to the old system for the Jan-Apr data.
Hi, does anyone know how I recored cash receipts on xero and how I can show them a being paid out of the owners drawings account?
Is anyone aware of a LIMS that either integrates with Xero or may have the potential to integrate with Xero?Thanks,Michael
CLUSTER 2562
But I don't know how to clear that bill as paid when I'm in receipt of the goods.
Can you please let me know how I can add a logo at the bottom?
How do we invoice this without showing the commission on the invoice to the client?
That is fine unless that field is requested to be used for other purposes.
as they pay on Mondays so did the work in advance of the bank holiday.
CLUSTER 2564
As Xero customer service is so switched on, I wonder if we might request that all other development stop until we can get the ability to add unicorns to invoices etc (if they can be animated ... even better!
Why would anybody be interested in these when NAB can't meet a fundamental requirement?Solution is for NAB to aim for bank feeds twice a day in the meagre hope that they can manage one!
CLUSTER 2574
It does not work like accounting is made to work.
Is there a way of keeping the quotes out of the the numbering system?
CLUSTER 2576
It would be helpful for those of us that supply the public sector across Europe if Xero complied with these.
If you are a user of Xero and Google Apps for Work, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
I process my payroll through Paychex and am not sure how to import the payroll information into Xero to perform reconciliation.
I've spent HOURS and HOURS reading the help and posts in the communities and all I can say is this is some messed up way of doing things.
CLUSTER 2583
We are trying to bring the industry new ways to do everyday tasks with the advancements in technology.
Looking back in to the paid invoice how do I now send my client a receipt?Kind Regards
HiI accidently locked my periods for all users (including the advisor).How do i get these unlocked?
Any tips?Optimize costs, dispatch and scheduling of your mobile field workers with Synchroteam.
If you are a user of Xero and Total Synergy, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2584
Is there a way to record my payment of the bills that I can pick up and attach to an invoice to the tenant?2.
It seems more logical to me to enter the code first and it would flow better for input?
Should it update in the same way that the bank does or do I need to manually export from PayPal and then import into Xero?
Can anyone recommend a great software that integrates with Xero, for job and cost tracking.
CLUSTER 2587
The addition of supplier column would be great.Essentially the details entered in the mobile app should be able to be viewed/printed in detail from Xero.
I would like a place for NEW ENTRY CONTACTS to go so it could be checked every day or so.Anyone else found this a problem?
the payment I made to her looks like a part payment of a bill -ie I created the bill as usual for her consulting fees -then deducted what she owed me.
Vend would post the invoice to Xero and then i'd like to link that invoice to the deduction.Does anyone know if this is possible or the best way to handle it.
CLUSTER 2596
As it is EOFY I do not want to bother my accountant with this if I can help it - I am also aware that I need to report the CC surcharge as income on my BAS so I have created an expense account.Thoughts?
How do I change withholding variation for allowance only, not the entire pay.Seems like once I use 'Has Approved Withholding Variation', it applies to base salary as well.Thanks
Any tips?Brings together people and workplaces in real time with unified scheduling, tasking, attendance, business procedures & Xero payroll integration.
CLUSTER 2599
While reconciling in the first box it would be better, as in tas first books, they do it for you ,you can add a reference no.
Surely the system should only collate historical info on Customers or Suppliers specifically setup in the system?
for tax payments and filings.Ideally, these notifications could be configured to send to multiple people.
The tracking feature looks like a good fix for this except it is way too labor intensive.
CLUSTER 2600
Is there any way to extend the 'Reference' tab in the Repeating Invoices section to show the full reference?Whilst I know the references might contain placeholders every other tab (Drafts, Awaiting Approval, Awaiting Payment and Paid) shows the full Reference.
I have done this in situations where I may have been waiting on a remittance to arrive by post, or unsure of how to handle a transaction until receiving more info, but I can't find how to actually go back and reconcile these properly to the account where they should be, unless I can remember the exact transaction - date, client, etc.
Hi, Im looking to setup some weekly and monthly payments so they are automatically added to xero rather than me keep adding them manually, is this possible.Also i have got my xero subscription coming out of a overhead account titled subscriptions is this correct.ThanksIan
Hello all,I am a sole trader and I use my vehicle for both business and private use (mainly business though)When I have motor vehicle expenses (such as Petrol) , is there any way to only claim a percentage of that for the business (example 75% for the business and 20% for private use)Regards,Paul
Hi Xero, If you could run a profit & loss report for a given period & then have the ability to select which accounts you would like a copy of the account transactions printed as well it would save a lot of time when preparing work papers.
I would find it very useful if we could search within our xero using 2 references, ie supplier & contact.If I am searching for a supplier invoice for 1 customer, I will be able to see them all in a list, not have to open each one to see which customer it was allocated to.
All our other reporting is on a cash basis, but there is no Cash Basis checkbox on the Inventory Items Summary report.Could a Cash Basis checkbox be provided or is there some other way of reporting this?Either that or if we had SQL access (read-only) to the backend tables we could write our own reportsPeter
Un-hide transaction details before finalising reportThis method is inefficient and could be much improved if there was just a NET GST Summary Report including Decimals (incl Decimals could be optional - for those out there who firmly believe that there is no cents (sense) in tax!
We are frequently required to send multiple receipts to the same customer for different payments for different tours (we're a travel company) and I'm wondering if there is a way of automatically including the description of the payment in the subject line, so it clearly shows up in the customer's inbox and can easily be identified what the receipt is for.
I'd like to have a total on the All tab (Invoices & Bills) for the items listed after doing a search (like the total on the other tabs) as well as a Total column so you can see the Total, Paid and Due amount for invoices.https://community.xero.com/business/discussion/7859087/#
What is the easiest way to recognise transactions that have been made within a personal bank account accidentally?Is the best approach to firstly link the personal account, then as I identify any business transactions in that account, "transfer" the transaction to the other bank account and then reconcile?Thanks
So for example say we have a total budget for the fund in question of &#163;5000 to spend for the year on Events (this is just one of the budget headings) and &#163;4000 of this should come from tracking category 1 and &#163;1000 should come out of tracking category 2.
How can I produced a full list of sequential Quote numbers and see if they have a related invoice number?The information is there the Quote history, so I need a way of extracting this info without having to open every invoiced Quote one by oneAny ideas?ThanksClaire
I've had one person tell me that it's the subscription price per month per userI've had another person tell me that it's one subscription price per month for unlimited users.Can anyone confirm which way it is?And is their any limits on simultaneous user logins
Sent an invoice and got this back, Any one have any idea what this means?Hello there,Unfortunately a message you sent could not be delivered to one or more recipients.550 5.5.1 Server IP 192.237.159.151 listed as abusive.
Hi,Im really after some help, I have spent hours upon hours and I am becoming so frustrated that I cant find answers or more so I cant fix my issue.My husband and I run our own roofing business and I am fixing our invoice and quote templates up and they arent flowing properly.
So amount financed is $10237 and finance charge is 500 which equals $10737 and divide by 10 installments, means monthly deduction of $1073.70.Business is registered on GST non cash accrual basis.In MYOB I used to:1.
As a cloud integrator and Xero Ecosystem Trainer, I spent hours and hours last year, researching, interviewing and gathering information from Add-On's about how their system worked, what types of clients it supported and testing whether it really worked with Xero like they said it did.
I've seen multiple people on multiple sites suggest this program for tracking money and such, but I had a few questions to decide whether I could use this program for my purposes.I am a part of an organization with ~120 members, and basically I need to keep track of their dues payments.
Hi Due to the new Awards and changes to penalty rates there is now new % used to calculate penalty rates.Do I have to set up new Pay Items or is there a way I can change the Multiple of employees ordinary earnings % that have already been set up previouslyThank you in advance Kylie
I deal with a number of employees that work for 2 businesses under different locations, the wages are tracked through 2 categories on the one XERO account.I cannot see a way of paying the same employee wages worked on 2 categories on one pay slip.
When I am on the page and I go to click on the "Outstanding balance" or  "View recent invoices" links, and instead of being taken to the respective pages that would allow me to see the outstanding balance or a list of invoices for that contact, I am instead taken back to the "Dashboard" webpage.
CLUSTER 2601
Its three month software service by supplier.How can I book this invoice?
How do I record in Xero to make it equate the correct tax and super?
CLUSTER 2605
Is there a way to just enter hours and generate a paycheck?
payment due is GBP28 but GBP30 is withdrawn.)
CLUSTER 2615
I would like to ask how to get about the accrual reporting correct for our setup.
Then we can send a reminder to the ones who still need to reconcile before we can prepare the BAS.
Any tips?Automates entry of supplier bills & invoices into Xero seamlessly.
Is there any way to integrate Xero with an automated state sales tax system?
CLUSTER 2621
Is there anywhere to record purchase orders sent to me from a customer?
I'm not an accountant, I'm a creative, and I want software that is easy to use.
CLUSTER 2622
How do I record these transactions to my business accounts and still be able to track the income in the Client Contact information, etc?
I am using Xero in a medical clinic and date of birth is sometimes the only way we can distinguish between two people with the same name.
Void the transfer balance and backdate the invoice for the stock?If anyone can help that would be great.Cheers,Elise
CLUSTER 2624
Hey guys your help would be much appreciatedI've had an invoice paid with a figure different to what was stated on the original invoiceThe next invoice from the same customer made up the difference of the first one So the figures match up but are different to whats on the original invoicesMy question is how do I match the two invoices so they can be reconciled if that makes sensehope ive been descriptive enough ThanksAndrew
The only way around this problem is to right click on the item and open in new tab or window.If you cant retain the search list then the following feature needs to be included.This is not the only place this problem exists - All lists need 3 little icons/buttons to open in current window, open in new tab, open in new window.
CLUSTER 2626
The idea is that then 2-3 month later when the actual costs come through we can record them along with a +/- on the accrued budget.
Does anyone else in Portugal use Xero?I would be very interested to see how you work around some of the complex processes.
It looks like when I use the 'copy to' function it automatically populates the tax rate column on rows that are only descriptions.
Some of the tax payments calculated by Xero are less than the Fortnightly rate on the ATO tax tables.e.g.
I'm trying to start using payroll in Xero, but all people that i need to pay are considered contractors (1099) not employees.
CLUSTER 2629
When you are depositing cheques together can you select the related invoices and get a total amount showing, then archive the transactions.
The problem is that you then need to scroll all the way to the top of the list to select Add New Tracking option.
Hi When i add a receipt to claim, when i go to the drop box for account, i have none come up, how do i get them to show.
We already have a few Xero customers on board and are looking for a few more to help us achieve the required number of users.
CLUSTER 2633
Hey guys, we are a group of engineers who are looking to build apps for the Xero community.We want to find out if you would like the ability to instantly ‘cash in’ any of your outstanding sales invoices, any time you like, from within your Xero account?Here, upon selecting an invoice to ‘cash in’, our plugin will advance you 60-80% of the invoice value instantly to your bank account.
GST Audit Report is simply way too long when trying to review and prepare Quarterly Business Activity Statements.Should be an option to ONLY SHOW the total invoice amount and GST amount.That would allow users to produce a GST audit report that would be only a few pages long, as opposed to 100s of pages as it currently is now.
CLUSTER 2640
You should have the ability to be able to import Excel spreadsheets from files straight into Xero Work papers to assist in substantiating a clients Financial accounts.
I nearly purchased an add on to assist but refused to do that as Xero should provide a one stop shop.I wont buy bookkeeing addons that other bookkeeping products offer as standard.
CLUSTER 2641
Hoping someone can help figure out the best way to do this transaction.
I often need to generate a sequence of invoices for one customer.
Designed for tax Pros and businesses - file one or thousands.
CLUSTER 2647
Please can you set up a VAT report where you can generate a report with just the un-reconciled items so you can easily identify items not included on the returns.
I have created a contact group for livestock & buyers, and hence having the ability to just look at that subset of information, rather than all amounts owing / outstanding would be very useful.
It is a much easier way for small business owners to find their organisations and when they go past 5 they are finding it harder to locate the file they want.
In case your system strips the bolding, here they are:  This invoice was paid by way of a credit note on Feb 8th this year, and a payment of the remainder on March 6th this year.
CLUSTER 2648
I've been treating this as a purchase, but is there a better account to use?Thanks!Brian
Should this invoice be entered as:1) No VAT2) Zero rated3) Exempt?
Has anyone converted sage one historical data into Xero and is so how?
Have a dedicated area where you can view your payments, see how much is owed.
Can anyone shed any light on the Xero - Console ability to link?
CLUSTER 2649
Is there a way to set this as a recurring expense or is it matter of me expensing the costs manually every month?Any help will be greatly appreciated.Many thanks,Nathan(nthn.co.uk)
However, the start date moves when I run the report, depending on the month end date selected (if it differs from the one I used when editing the layout).Is there a way to fix the start date somehow?TIAAnna
We have clients who handwrite their sales invoices and are looking for an add-on where we can scan a handwritten sales invoice, import this into a piece of software and convert the data (including the description of work done) on the invoice into meaningful accounting information within Xero.
CLUSTER 2652
Client with only a withholding payer number and no ABN cannot lodge tax declarations or payment summaries.There are people out there that require this services especially in the health game.
Hi I've been processing payroll ABA files and just noticed that an employee had no bank details in their file.Is there a way to generate an ABA file with just the excluded employee for that payrun.thanksJodie
CLUSTER 2656
Should the cash account be debited in a separate transaction?
Does anyone have any experience of using Xero like this?
CLUSTER 2662
I can't find any information from Xero on a recommended work flow.
I explained he can do this by going on the xero website and adding that way.
This way I can at least start to work with the past data..
It's not exactly responsive or customer-centric service.6.
CLUSTER 2667
As these businesses are based outside of Australia their invoices do not include GST.When we add their invoices to Xero, do we select "Tax Exclusive" or "No Tax"?What are the implications for the BAS for this?Cheers,Justin
Although the transaction is saved to Fixed Asset drafts, the asset type info is not captured, so I have to manually add the asset type before I can register the asset.Is there a faster way?
When I try to "Find & Match" the transactions, the only transactions Xero lists are transactions from my bank current account; none of the transactions I have entered in the credit card account are listed.
That's fine.Often the balance is paid in cash by the customer on the day of their event and from this I have cash expenses of my own, in particular I pay the land owner in cash for use of the venue on the same day.
Is anyone experiencing this.I have tried this on two machines, Windows 7 & Windows 8.1 with multiple browsers on both.Screenshot attachedhttp://i.imgur.com/n1Xx49y.png
It would be great when editing reports (in V2) if you can use the PDF preview to show the current report you are working on rather than having to generate all the reports in the pack which can take some time.
Should I be entering the invoice with the mathematically correct amount in Xero even though it does not match the physical invoice provided by the supplier, then record a payment of .55 more than was really paid?
Should I make a more general account (or other account type) for resale items' such as domain names that happen to be bought and sold every now and again, outside of normal business operations?2.
We need to invoice say 80% of base $100k portion, plus 30% of variation A $20k portion, plus 100% of Variation B $5k portion.
Would love Xero to open up and there to be a bank feed or at least Yodlee feed for Lloyds commercial banking in the UK, as LLoyds are slowly moving all of their customers onto this.
When working on the Chart of Accounts, why oh why do I have to get bounced back to the bank account transaction listing if I make any changes?If I am working on the Chart of Accounts, take me BACK to where I was!
I have noticed that during the Christmas, New Year period if a Public Holiday falls on a Sat or Sun Payroll brings this through to the next weeks pay run (Mondayised or Tuesdayised).
The Xero for Android app should be able to rotate to landscape view, as most stands and attached keyboards for Android devices wok best in landscape rather than portrait mode.
Once the Theme is set, (on a Quote for instance), the only way to change it is to load the 'Revise' option.Where the Quote is 'accepted', this entails a further couple of steps to Unmark as Accepted - and remember to Re-Accept.
Currently we need to download and print out our client's end of year Financial Statements for our Director to manually sign Statement of Disclaimer.Then scan to pdf and email or post.
It would be great if we could, within Custom DOCX branding themes, have the ability to also set a standard branding theme that would be used for online invoices.
You can produce a P&L account at any date but not a Balance Sheet, Aged debtors/creditors etc and you cannot enter conversion balances at any date other than a month end.
We need this with reporting options to enable reporting via contact type.eg income by regular customerseg Income by customers in our northernor Transactions by computer suppliers
Would like to see a flag / error message pop up for common errors such as incorrect National Insurance numbers when we first enter the information into the employee tabs.
I would like to add expense codes that are not listed in the drop down menu when itemizing the expenses in a credit card payment.There are some expenses that do not seem to have a reasonable code to assign them.
Hi,I have imported 399 invoices.The problem is that these invoices are already paid in different date.Is there a way to import invoice automatically marked paid in the same invoice data?
The bookkeeper has continued matching things up, so there are part-payments and other items which are still shown as outstanding.If I want to review this, I would need to see the amounts the client has paid.
if one case of 50 is being shipped off elsewhere).It seems like it should be a fairly trivial thing to do, to be able to create a tracked inventory item and specify that it is a multiple of some other SKU?
Xero has plenty of info/tutorials on easy things like "how to link a bank account", duh, but nothing on the actual complicated nature of sorting out messy transactions.
(ie, 3 department budgets the sum of which is our company budget).I am sure this is very straightforward and I hope that someone can quickly point me in the right direction.Kind regards,James
HiIf the bank statement display a cancellation transaction of an amount then how do i find and match the entry with each other.Eg.Particulars             Deposit                Withdrawal      Wire                                                  45Cancellation wire      45
I had a (not very competent apparently) accountant who set me up on Xero and one of the items that was imported from Zen Payroll/Gusto is coded for the wrong year, and I can't change it.I paid myself on December 30th.
Or add the extra documents within the invoice and the recipient can see the supporting documents?At this stage we can download as a pdf and then manually send though outlook with the extra documents
It would be good to have a quick way to print a list of invoices for a specified customer (or supplier) for a specified date range - same functionality as MYOB's Sales and Purchases Registers.
Need to be able to calculate these amounts.2) Need to track renewals process - IE be aware of what services are due for renewal, what renewal invoices have been paid, what has expired.
However, the transactions I should reconcile them with have already been matched against my other bank accounts (and therefore reconciled that way).Is there a simple way to put this right, so all accounts, including Paypal can be reconciled.
Is there a way to properly reflect this in Xero?Might be a prepayment then applied to several bills?I searched around and I think preparing a "supplier statement" is not a function available yet.
I cannot work out how to link the allowance to the second (new) bank account, though I have looked all through these forums, played around with the setups and watched the mini tutorials in Xero.
Is there a way for me to set them up as such and avoid withdrawing taxes from the payments?Also, i'm trying to set up direct deposit - electronic payments for my contractors.The business is in California as are all the contractors.Any suggestions?
HiWe deduct &#163;5 per month from participants pay for our company lottery syndicateThe only options I can see under deductions are pension or student loan options.
It will also need to cope with irregular hours (ie 12.1% entitlement) and regular hours, so standard number of hours/ days a year.Many thanksAlan
Hence cash flow forecasting in Float and Spotlight fails.The 7 branches are run using POINT of RENTAL software which our local managers enthusiastically support.
Unfortunately we need to currently use Checkeeper as Xero does not support MICR blank check stock printing, however we need to reinput check info again in Checkeeper.
My understanding is that Xero can not cope with this volume of invoicing.Any suggestions of a suitable add-on that would work with Xero to do this.They have 10 people in the field, so lots of access required.Thanks!
Slow SpeedCircle SpinningError 500I swear to the powers that be that if you crash today Xero It's gonna hit the fanIts end of Year, people are doing the best they canCome to the partySort if out
CLUSTER 2678
I'm trying to figure out how to use and account for a certain type of credit card reward:The credit card offers $500 in travel reimbursed as a signup bonus.
Is there a way of generating an overall p&l  for an individual event based on its tracking code and not having to do the report which is based on comparing time periods ?Please help
When we allocate a payment as a prepayment there is no way to send the customer a receipt.I would like to be able to send all customers receipts of their deposits on jobs yet to be started.
Only the people who set up the network at the site which hosts the Web server can fix this problem.Support can you look into this as its getting to be pointless using this now.Cheers
Hi,is there anyone in this group who is familiar of any Add-On for "FINANCIAL CONSOLIDATION" that works well with Xero?We are using Xero for our General Accounting and we have company's in different countries.
CLUSTER 2679
Be able to see at a glance how you are performing each month against budget and last year sales on the dashboard.
If you are a user of Xero and FreshBooks Connect by Workato, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Salesforce Connect by Workato, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2682
Cash paid and received is in 2016 but we don't want to affect our current year purchases and sales.My question is how can I treat this means charge to which account.Looking for your suggestions.
Xero should be able to intelligently handle business credit card accounts that have an umbrella/master account number with tiered individual credit cards numbers beneath it.
I would like Xero to automatically set up a bill to HMRC from the information in the Payroll, with the correct amounts and accounts for PAYE Payable, NIC Payable etc.
I can't find a place to enter the payroll information for Jan 1, 2017 to current, which needs to be entered.The Pay Schedule is locked as well, so I can edit or change that either.
CLUSTER 2684
because although X is an income account (and it could be a product too) there doeesn't seem to be a report that shows this.
This can take a huge amount of time when you have a few hundred of them!Is this possible and I just can't find the know-how?Many thanks!
This is a common request of suppliers to include details in the payment reference field so that they can allocate payments.
Hi,We have two companies in our Xero platform.Is it possible to copy companies' details from one to the other?
Do I essentially record the deposit return as a partial refund of the bill, and if so, how do I do this in Xero?Thanks in advance.
If you are a user of Xero and SugarCRM Klix Connector, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2686
Can you help suggest an alternative way to handle the declines?Many thanksOdette
Is there a way of sorting it so that every motor expense is treated in this way without having to do this.
is doesnt default to 434 - Fuel account, client still has to code.
CLUSTER 2687
Late last year i purchased a new truck with an 100% asset loan.
I am open to explore other methods anyone else may have established to achieve this outcome.
If you are a user of Xero and Client Heartbeat, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2689
Other categories - Zero Rated or Exempt - aren't technically correct either.How are others handling this?
Should I unreconcile these amounts and change them to transfers or is there another way to solve this?Problem #2.
Based on each membership I sell, I split the incoming amount of the membership into 6 "Funds" if you will.
I am in the processing of setting up a web business and would appreciate opinions on what services I should be using.
Sometimes we need to discuss or explain the issue better, this is not possible with the current workflow.
This shipping address should be at the TOP of the page, front and center, not buried at the bottom.2.
CLUSTER 2691
Hi,A manual Journal and a debit note option should be allowed in the contact details under new.
Super contributions should max out once earnings exceed the MSCB (currently $48,040 per quarter).
"I am very disappointed to find this out after receiving an email to reassure me that Xero payroll could handle Autoenrolment.
It also does not seem to recognise that as a final pay it should be paying out Alternative holidays, there isn't even an option for this!
If you are a user of Xero and Quote Stock Sell, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2692
Archiving contacts is a great feature, but deleting should also be an option, in case you created it by mistake.
With regular invoices, it is still possible to edit and change the Account name even after payment.
CLUSTER 2696
I need to know how to apply this whole thing.
We are a small business run by 2 partners.
CLUSTER 2698
I figured that forming an invoice for the asset would work, however some parts have been bought from various suppliers - so doing this wouldn't allow us to track expenditure to individual suppliers.
It would be useful to customise these with the company logo, registered office and company number (the latter should be set up automatically in the template).Are there plans to add this?RegardsZoe
Keen to be able to see all this in the P&L.So my questions are:What code should i be using for wages so they show in the p&L?What code should i be using for the monthly payment to HMRC?Thanks for your help!
CLUSTER 2703
f you are serious about the use of Cashbook for Financial Planners who manage client portfolios, you need to make a version of Cashbook available that has multi-currency at a reasonable price point.
That will save me having to work out how to balance everything up once they have finished.I can't see anyone in my area at all, but there is no map to help me.I have found a bookkeeper, but she is 3 hours away, which seems just mad.
CLUSTER 2706
We need the ability to add a non taxable reimbursement on a ‘rate per unit’ basis and also linked to the hours worked.
I want a report option to print all unbilled purchase orders showing the details of who/when/what and how much.excel dump would be ideal
Perhaps there needs to be more 'Pay Items' created that can link through to each employee so that the holiday pay in these cases can go to the correct departments for reporting purposes.
CLUSTER 2716
As these are classified as bank accounts in Xero, they are automatically pulling into the opening and closing cash balances of this report.
Hi all can anyone recommend an add-on that does automated calculation and payment of NSW Payroll Tax.Thanks
CLUSTER 2717
I could then regularly journal the percentages into these accounts.My issue is that the sections also need to pay for activities, do I setup an expense account for each of them as well, how does reporting work in this instance (how are the consolidated into an income/expense report?It is highly likely that I have way overcomplicated this.
I'm wondering if there are non-bank money transfer services that would give us better exchange rates and lower fees, while also being convenient for customers.Interested in hearing from other exporters what payment options you offer - or is everyone just using wire transfers?
CLUSTER 2720
I don't want to lose all the transactions from the old credit card as it is currently reconciled.Is there an easy way to do this?
That way I would still be able to see the regular cost of the item for future reference.
Hello,I am setting up our company and there are chart of accounts already set up in the system - are these able to be deleted?
as i need to include final leave acrual in my termination pay I need to complete today.
If you are a user of Xero and One Saas for Salesforce, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2721
The only way I can see to do this is to manually change every entry which seems a very cumbersome solution.
Many of my clients don't understand that there is an edit function available, because you can only see it when you hover over the link.
Just because we need a laugh sometimes - how about a dancing character across the screen when an account is reconciled.
CLUSTER 2722
Should I be reconciling the bank statement lines to the salaries (477) nominal code?
Chrometa captures every minute of your time as you work on your PC and/or Mac.
CLUSTER 2724
A direct link to then update the details without having to leave the invoice you are entering.When entering the 'name' details in invoices to ask if you are entering a new contact
We're considering a migration from our current accounting software Freshbooks, to Xero.We have around 3k invoices, pdfs, credit notes and customers that need to be brought over to Xero.
)This is what we would need:- Clients to be configured- Staff to be set up, with default hourly rates specified for each staff member- Jobs/Projects to be created - time estimated and quotes generated.
CLUSTER 2730
Hello - I'm surprised there is no parse function for e-receipts - i.e.
This is a common mistake, please make it easier to correct our mistakes.
You need to add an actual bank reconciliation like QB does.
CLUSTER 2732
Is it possible in Xero to create a backup as of a particular date.2.
Hi all, How do I reconcile a refund processed via EFTPOS please?
Looking for these is traumatic, particularly when our supplier invoice numbers are similar to ours.
Hi Does anyone have experience of using Xero with Ebay trading.
CLUSTER 2735
Hi,Is it possible to get a repport of the items each contact havec purchased?
How do I get a summary of billable hours from my Sales Invoices (under the quantity item)?
Is there anyone that can push the issue for us?Xero Support Ticket 2046380
CLUSTER 2738
Hi Just need to find out is there anyone out there using Xero for law firm accounting ?
The totals of the receipts are such that I can't "Decline" some of the receipts to bring the total to around 15,000.
If you are a user of Xero and Surgical Partners, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?OnePageCRM is focused on sales activity and converts leads to customers fast.
Hi,Does anyone know if Fidelity can be an add on to Xero - as our client uses this system?
CLUSTER 2739
Right now there is no way in Xero to create a bill that is used to pay another bank/credit card account.
HeyWould love to see the online invoice show complete details to customers when we use a Custom Invoice template.
CLUSTER 2742
Is there a way to do this without having to make a ton of manual adjustments to all accounting accounts in XERO?.
My question relates to how Xero uses the Contact Name field throughout the program.
I run a home care business and invoices to my clients need to be clear and simple.
Does anyone else manage this process in a simple way with minimal effort for your customers?
How is it when you view your payslips and it shows your SGC but is not deducted from their net pay?Am I doing something wrong?
CLUSTER 2743
Is there a way to create non item based invoices?
This is different to a regular invoice where tax inclusive is default.
I have a new contact who is elderly and without e mail.
I need invoices to display the journal number after they are input.
CLUSTER 2744
HiXero users in Ireland - how are you guys managing with IntraStat reports.One of my client in Ireland started using Xero  and they need to do IntraStat reports.Please help me.Thanks
Has anyone else noticed that Xero is taking up huge amounts of memory and then freezing?We use IE11 (in house policy) and it has been working fine until about a week ago.
CLUSTER 2747
All his income (regardless of type of currency paid) is "banked" to the cash account.
We are currently keying in the individual payments to bankline and it would be so much easier if we didn't have to.
Any tips?Save time and money on your international foreign currency payments.
CLUSTER 2754
When you submit a VAT return to HMRC you have to enter your log in details every time you need to submit a VAT return.
We are using tracking for sales reps and want to be able to run a report to the screen with the ability to filter by tracking category.
Good Morning,As we are in the construction industry we are required to report and pay long service leave to a fund bi-monthly.
I posted some questions on the user forum and one of the more experienced people there, Cassandra Scott, was terrific in answering my questions.
CLUSTER 2759
I relied on the class system in Quickbooks as I run a number of events.
Maybe this can be built into the current employee contact details report??
Any suggestions regarding management software for creatives that integrate with xero?
CLUSTER 2760
How do I transfer cash into Square Register from Xero?
The check number can be voided and AUTOMATICALLY REASSIGNED??!!?!
Any tips?Get Xero working with FreshBooks.
CLUSTER 2761
Im not sure how to add them or whether my accountant or book keeper should do it.
I am doing this by contact, and just wondered how many I can enter for each search without problems.
CLUSTER 2767
If the latter, I guess my choices are finding a CPA, H&R block and the like, a Xero partneris there any advantage to using someone who can access my Xero stuff?Any idea what costs are likely to be.
The 2 workarounds are: 1) Create a separate account to assign the payroll reimbursement item to (eg 850 Expense Claims paid via Wages), enable that account for payments.
)Is my best option to manually write to her telling her to ignore Xero's "you are not eligible" email, and instead tell her we are postponing her assessment to November?Xero - you need quicker support for things that stop payroll running.
CLUSTER 2768
Hello all,There is a feature that needs to happen as at the moment - it is rather clunky..When you have , mark this as billed, then create a bill and save this as awaiting approval - if you were to search using the search tab (magnifying glass button) using the  # (as this is what our suppliers reference their invoices against, this the best way to find the correct bill in our business) , go to the notes section of this P.O where it says "copied to bill" - follow the link and it will take you to the invoice that is awaiting approval...You have to then exit and go back into the "awaiting approval" tab, find the correct Bill that is awaiting to be approved and approve it.
Now that Xero does tracked inventory and we can separate out inventory from cost of goods sold, it has become more important to also put import freight into the cost of inventory; otherwise it's like having one foot in and one foot out.Months when inventory is purchased are still overstating cost of goods sold unless freight is capitalised in inventory.The problem though is that this would have to be done manually because Xero doesn't have a feature to allocate freight costs to inventory items.It could be done manually but with big purchases this would be very cumbersome.So I think that this should be made into a feature in Xero.
CLUSTER 2769
That is how the figures looked in MYOB before they converted!We are talking big sums here too - around $300k.
Currently, with a business credit card account, payments are only applied to the master account.
This is the second time in 2 months that xero has automatically billed me $15 for its service.
Account Type is linked to Cost and Accumulated Depreciation, and is not importable - though it is mandatory.
CLUSTER 2775
We work with several people from the one company, however they are in different departments and therefore, we need to be able to send the invoices to individuals.
That way a report could be created at practice level, used and tweaked at client level and then moved back up to client level.
CLUSTER 2776
:-) All they need to do is to enter how many days they worked (sometimes half-days) at the end of the week.
MT940 structured is an European standard format for downloading bank statements.Rabobank in this case.
Would love a reminder email and / or in-app notification for upcoming or overdue pay runs.
Hiya,We currently run our company accounts on Xero & we are launching business No 2 currently.
Any tips?A complete system for CRM, lead management, telemarketing and email marketing, check out .
CLUSTER 2778
Upon investigation it turns out that Xero is not rounding the GST figure.
Is this a whole new bank account I have to create as a fake account?
Is there a way to retain them so it makes it faster to start next time.
When the numbers are FX'd to GBP this month actually has a negative cashflow.
I use a standard ANZ eftpos card that is now a visa and a paywave.
If anyone has a better, more efficient method I would be most grateful to know!
CLUSTER 2779
Add 'Department/Cost Center' field in "Supplier Invoice Report".I am struggling to find the report that would list invoices waiting for approval by cost center.
It seems that the only way to get this information is from a Payroll Activity Report which seems a rather tedious and manual process just to get a simple list of employee and deduction amounts for a month.
CLUSTER 2781
For example :Customer 1 - 30 days - 36 daysCustomer 2 - 60 days - 59 daysCustomer 3 - 30 days - 104 daysCustomer 4 - 90 days  - 80 daysWe just need to work out who are good payers and who are bad payers.Does anyone know how I can get this info in one simple report?
One of the regular challenges faced by an accounts clerk is to obtain copies of dividend advices from share registry companies showing details of RWT credits and imputation credits.It would be great if the major dividend payers (including farming co-operatives) could be authorised by clients to automatically send copies of dividend advices when issued, to the email box associated with the Xero Account.
CLUSTER 2783
(The purchases were made before using Xero, so are not logged).
I'm just confused how I reconcile those amounts when they come through in Xero?...
Is there no way to select them all and assign them to the same account code?
Any tips?Smart building made easy.
Does anyone think this would be useful?2.
Has anyone worked with Xero and Chase PaymenTech?
CLUSTER 2785
Does anyone know if we are able to claim this back?
just a subscription fee, dont sell any tickets).
We are only going to reimburse up to the limit of 15,000.
are there any other UK banks where the facility works well?
This i thought, should not happen until year end has been completed.
CLUSTER 2786
Hey....so i frequently use the tube for travel related to my business.How should I account for this?
Am I just supposed to add the amounts with a + or  - at the start to show whether they are a credit or a debit?
If not, is there another way that would make the reconciliation process easier?Thanks
How do I get the invoice imported to Xero to match the correct invoice in FB?
CLUSTER 2787
Hi all,We operate a small company who do not employ any personnel however we are using various contractors daily.Every contractor is signed into a self billing agreement and up until now; everything is done maually in excel.
"Waiting for Xero" is now a common icon on the bottom of the screen, Also when i go to print a batch lot of created invoices Xero is having issues being able to print, if at all, this is most frustrating at times like the end of month
CLUSTER 2790
Adding line items to correct a 1 cent discrepancy is a pain.
How do I remove a payment that's been allocated to the wrong invoice and reconciled with my bank statement.
I'm surprised there is no way of having different payroll cost allocations in the chart of accounts.
Or is there a way to automate the process?Thanks for your input and ideas.Stacey Byrne
CLUSTER 2791
There also is no reason we should have to deal with many transactions, covered by existing Rules, to focus on unclassified transactions.
However I am sure there are many cases when it would be desirable to manipulate the data with Excel.Thanks,Stephen
CLUSTER 2792
manually scrolling though each item is incredibly time consuming!if this feature is already available I would love to know how to do it!
At the moment these just get posted to the iZettle cash sales account (102) as described in the iZettle add on set up process.
CLUSTER 2797
Is there any way to create an aged statement, with outstanding balances summarised by month?
How do we store this liability against a specific account without raising any credit note?
How do I reconcile money in from an equipment hire company that is a refund of the deposit we paid?
This is leaving our employers concerned about accounts being overdue when in fact they have been partially paid.
CLUSTER 2800
- could do with some way for them to get a little help on this (same as on various other payment services).thanksRichard
Invoices and payments are exchanged automatically without any data entry.For more information, check out .
CLUSTER 2804
When you are in say the P&L and have 5 codes under a group R&M.... it would be good when you first click into it to go to a summary of the codes that are in there first instead of actually going into the detailed GL.
This would allow for ambulatory businesses when out of service to be able to create invoices at all jobs sites saving the need for keeping notes of the job completed, time and materials supplied.
We run a business in the UK that does charge VAT, however we prefer to view reports exclusive of VAT and currently there is no way of showing Xero without any VAT applied.
This is normally the section you would have the Point 5 written.The rest of the reporting is great just the customisation of how I want my reports to be presented is not available to me and this I believe is a very important function of the Financial Reports.
All paid for using the business credit card in seperate transactions or petty cash.Is there a way or bypassing the 2 step method of entering a bill with a due date and just paying it at the same time as entering it?
CLUSTER 2806
Can net movement for the period selected not be included?
Any tips?Business intelligence made easy.
CLUSTER 2808
Hi Guyswe are new to Xero and trying to achieve the following:1) Accept/Record pre-payment from a client.
I figure it's either an expense (code 505 income tax expense) or liability (code 830 Income tax payable).
We have multiple sites, and as per our Enterprise Bargaining Agreement, the employees are to receive their payslips in hard copy format each week.
CLUSTER 2815
This would be incorrect as I need to know what my P&L is on actual goods sold and not on all goods bought and still sitting in inventory.
We have linked these to payments and the only way to edit this date (so our P&L looks correct) is to un-reconcile and change the date and then re-reconcile.
For the on-chargeable expenses, I was getting a copy of the “Expense Claim Summary Report” in a .pdf, and then attaching the .pdf to the Sales Invoice.3.
hrs = 9 to 5 pm ( worked up to 5:18 PM, therefore, NO TIL ACCRUED)This is my dream project guys.
Would also be very helpful for employees who are paid commissions, to be able to save a copy of the calculation with that payrun, and/or the ability to email the calc with the Payslip.
CLUSTER 2816
Book-keeping and company accounts is a whole other world that I pay a lovely lady to make the pain go away, but I do have to at least get the data entry right, and I think I might have screwed this part up.Any advice greatly appreciated - thank you!
This would allow me to create reports where I would only need a figure that would be liable to change, placed within a paragraph.For example:The Company X has made a profit of € (Schedule Figure Report Field) for the year (Current Year Report Field).
As we complete VAT returns through Xero for several of our clients, I would like to suggest a feature which would enable us to email the client directly with their VAT return figure from Xero, meaning that we do not need to export a PDF of the workings and create a bespoke email each time.
CLUSTER 2823
I've performed this action many times in the past, but this is the first time I'm getting this error.How do I fix this problem?
If I am reconciling a small charge to "Taco Bell" as an example, I obviously don't need Taco Bell to be a contact.
Is there a way to stop exports or simply take this feature out of xero for the invoice only profile?Please help!
Is there any way to get this to populate automatically or will I need to manually enter the computer assets?Thanks,Wes
Because of this, we need the ability to create multiple packing slips from one main invoice but struggling to figure out if and/or how to do this.
CLUSTER 2825
My clients are going nuts at me and I'm sick of trying to justify why the monthly columns don't add to an annual total.
Moving to tax to input manually, it insists I enter a location, but xero is too broken to figure this out.Ugh.
We also ran April in the old payroll system for comparison and found that the PAYE calculated by Xero is not the same?
Can anyone recommend an app where we can input the daily deliveries and auto generate the invoice when needed based on this?
Is there an add on partner which would provide this functionality or would I need to export each report from Xero into excel.
CLUSTER 2827
I have been given a TB from an accountant to set up a client on Xero and I am in the process of posting the conversion balances.
I can only assume Xero is using different days currencies for some things, which sucks anyway because there is no transparency on this.
HiIs there are way to add the contacts telephone number to an XML invoice template?ThanksPaul
And even if I could, it would be incredibly hard to determine which batch deposit corresponds to which invoice.
CLUSTER 2828
In Texas: "When you compute the sales tax by multiplying the tax rate against the sales price, you should go out to the third decimal place.
In addition on the printed report where it currently states reference for each payment, it should really show cheque No, as per the entry screen.
It is irrelevant how many hours there are in a particular month or which of those days are paid leave/holiday and which are days actually worked.
If such solution doesn't exist did, how much will a development of a custom solution for an ecommerce startup company cost and what would be the timeframes?Thank you
CLUSTER 2831
Have the option to show contact details on the Aged Payables/Receivables Reports
Even the "start date" for an annual accrual would be useful... Ed.
Hello Community,My firm has a client that is wanting to move from MYOB to Xero.
CLUSTER 2834
In other words... Let's say:Is this doable?thx in advance for your help.-m
What should I be doing to fix this auto amendments?Urgent help much appreciated.
CLUSTER 2836
The invoice we send out obviously has a different figure to the one receive, how can I reconcile this quickly and easily?
Is it possible to show on the dashboard a running total of the PAYE/NIC conts and VAT owed to HMRC?
CLUSTER 2837
In the transactions list the fields like "From", "Reference" and "Date" should be available for a Quick Edit like in Wordpress.
The address details should also automatically be shown as well, in case the details have changed on supplier invoices.
Hi,Can anyone explain how to set up an Annual Leave Accrual item for Part-Time employees.
CLUSTER 2838
Is there a way to sign up for certification when you are an 'Advisor' on the Xero account?
These are accounts that have been funded by individuals or perhaps a fund raiser.
Is there able to be set up a button that can confirm mappings in bulk.
Hey Xero and the community,I ran into a problem i can't undo.
No payroll amendments were made so I cannot see how this has happened.
Any tips?Cloud Print Management and Web2Print solution.
Any tips?Stressed chasing your late paying customers?
CLUSTER 2842
Delivery cost should be added to the asset, at the moment on my list of assets I have this delivery as well.
That way the subscriber can quickly and easily reactivate their account so that they can access information as required.
I have gone through all the Xero functions and  Add-One but couldnt figure out how to fix this issue.
CLUSTER 2844
It would be easier for parents to understand if it is a date range, not a week number.
I need a workaround to classify my contacts by contact groups with a searchable code.
I am aware of how long service leave accrues and on what basis (exemptions etc).
What is the best way to post the (cash) payment of purchase invoices?Thanks
CLUSTER 2845
Hi there, I paid an invoice that I now found out I should have as we were getting the services for free and never should have been billed.
This solution is prone to user error and much slower than a bank rule.2.
CLUSTER 2848
The correct journal entry should be like this:DR.  Account receivable                                            25          CR.
I've searched to see if there are any shortcuts for data entry besides the ones for date entry.
Does anyone know off a add on i can use in xero to produce professional financial statements?
CLUSTER 2849
Unfortunately, I have to do this manually.My question is, how should I classify this payment?
My question is, how do I account for these additional invoices on Xero?
Can anyone tell us how or why it would have stopped?
CLUSTER 2851
Total cash is a bit misleading for a snapshot of performance when allocated VAT / HMRC money is being included.Thanks in advance for any suggestions
How do I manage the every growing list of contacts year after year (maybe 1,000 new ones a year) ?
Hi,I am, having an issue with subscribing the standard monthly package with Xero.The options to pay are only Visa and MasterCard, for international users.
CLUSTER 2854
However with the tracking options being limited to 100 we're worried we'll churn through these in no time at all.Is there any way to extend the number of tracking options (not tracking codes as i know there are only two) to more than 100?
Any tips?Armatic’s powerful payment automation, customer intelligence platform & CRM will streamline every possible AR task, while you maintain full control.
When entering a Pay Run I have to sort into first name order, then resort into Surname order to file timesheets, which is basically the CORRECT WAY any Payroll should work.
CLUSTER 2855
I can contribute with investigation resources, development and/or cash.
Does anyone have any idea how to include this previous obligation?
Also, where can I see the payroll journal that has been posted?
CLUSTER 2859
Also and repair costs, MOT, bodywork and work outsourced (paintwork, mechanics etc) for said car is this a direct expense or a cost of goods sold?Finally, each car is advertised individually, as its part of the cost of selling said car is this a direct expense of cost of goods sold?
When customising *.docx* templates these don't appear in the link included in the email to customers and it would be useful if Xero had a way of including some of this information.In particular I have clients with multiple addresses (registered, postal, shop etc), and where invoices show an address that is not in the settings page we get different addresses appear between the online view and pdf view.
However that is growing and even though we are using Xero it's not quite doing what we need (we probably need travel agent software now, that tracks deposits, when payments are due etc).Wondering if anyone has any ideas or knows of software for travel agents that integrates with Xero?
CLUSTER 2862
Hi,Do anyone can advise that the report pack from Xero is most updated?
Any charities who have done it would welcome some ideas.ThanksPeter Davies
Has anyone had experience of a rental software that can handle car rentals?
CLUSTER 2865
If I receive a bill that is payable, and create a bill in Money Going Out, what is the best way to account for it using the software?
I'm confused as to how to have things look correct in the Xero reports and also on the set of accounts that I will send to IRD.
Should I record the purchase of the domain as an expense (under account "Domain Names") and the sale of the domain a revenue under 'Other Revenue'.
A simple modification might help - show the tax rate on the screen in much the same way as "How did you pay?"
When following up or reviewing a large number of items, it is tedious to click into each item to see the status of follow up.
CLUSTER 2866
When adding repeating invoices in Xero, is there any way to provide a specification?As in, f.ex you have 100$ per 3 months, so you send an invoice in june for the period 2014-07-01--2014-09-30 and the next bill will be from 2014-10-01--2014-12-31, but is there any way to put this time period on the invoice?If not, are there any add-ons that can do this?I can't send a repeating bill and there's no specification for what the client is paying for?
Xero says that the bank transaction of &#163;110 is too big for the Xero transaction (of &#163;100) so I can't do anything, and if I try to match the &#163;10, it can't find the transaction I want as it is a debit transaction not a credit.Am I missing something, or is this something that I have to go a long way round and input several transactions in order to get a reconciliation.
CLUSTER 2867
We would like to be notified that they are happy to accept but there is a process we need to follow before we can change it to accepted as some editing will still need to be made.
Xero quite prominatly reminds me, at the expense of being able to easily get to what I want to do, that bank feeds are available for this account.
Usually I can delete the USD transaction lines in the csv.spreadsheet before importing as there is the conversion amount in AUD that gets imported.
I've quadruple checked the numbers, amounts, transactions to make sure the are accurate and still just can not get things to add up.
CLUSTER 2869
Need some help here please if anyone knows what I'm missing....
Hi Everyone,I have done some research on this and haven't had any luck so far.
CLUSTER 2870
My TB does not balance because of bank/AR foreign currency revaluation in Xero.This is apparently due to the number of decimal places at which balances are revalued.
We allocate customer account numbers so when our customers are making payments this number will appear on our bank feeds (not all payments for a customer are made from an account with the same name).
There are times when separate bill payments are required to the same creditor, eg, Council rate payments for separate properties, insurance premiums from separate entities etc.
All my clients want to see how they did this period V's the  period last year and it cant be done on the New P&L report.
This requirement expands when you consider things like purchase orders, so I can't see how Xero can avoid re-working the whole area of contacts and addresses.
CLUSTER 2871
Invoices for inbound money are coded to Sales.I see three scenarios where inventory adjustments should be made, but since we aren't tracking, not sure how many new accounts I need to build:1.
This is very time consuming and error prone.Can you please implement functionality to export sales invoices in an ABA file for upload to bank to process direct debit payments?Kind regards,Leigh
It looks like it can't be added yet though.Can someone at Xero confirm this is the intended function of the CONTENTS section of New Reports?Also whats the status of emailing reports on a schedule?
CLUSTER 2872
VAT 32.5820% VAT 6.52total inc. VAT 39.10________Xero can't deal with this for two reasons:1) it doesn't handle more than 2 decimal places for amount2) it doesn't factor VAT into line entry - it sends off to line item which is irrelevant to non-VAT regd business.So, I usually end up making an excel spreadsheet and spending upwards of 15 mins tweaking rounding so that it all adds up to same total as given on invoice before entering into Xero.This is a huge amount of extra work and a significant pain in the neck.Is there an easier way of dealing with invoices from vendors like this?
My Summary and Terms fields often have several sections, and it would be hugely helpful if I can format those sections (with headers, for example) so they look better and more understandable to the customer.One option would be to change that field to include a rich text editor (not unlike the one I'm typing in now: https://cl.ly/gvDw) where I can add simple formatting with a toolbar.Alternatively, if that field recognizes and properly formats plain text (akin to the Markdown or Textile formatting syntax) that would be amazing.
CLUSTER 2873
How can I search, say on the seller's name, or on the receipt date or total, to see if it pops up?
You need to make it so you can change what email you are sending invoices and statement from when you are on the page of the invoice.
How do we get either Xero User to be able to update the bank feed?Thanksnige
Does anyone know of a way to do this without it looking awful and taking too many pages?
CLUSTER 2877
This should be a very simple calculation by Xero.Further, if this is how Xero behaves, how then do we calculate T1 on a cash basis?
Xero is great for business, but current pricing plans don't really suit a SMSF.
Now, when the contact details change for an account, all past invoices associated with that Contact are changed.
Why run a full e-commerce shop when your a tradesman or provide a service.1.
Has anyone else got a problem with bank feeds from Bendigo Bank not updating?
How do I go about entering one week "cash up" of my employee's annual leave?Thank you
CLUSTER 2880
But now I need to bill my customer and I have to manually re-enter everything?Surely I'm doing something wrong?Please let me know of better way.Many thanks.
I was hoping I could then push a button and generate a completed self-assessment form stating how much tax I have to pay.Does this button exist?!
CLUSTER 2883
Are there any other add-on softwares which could do this?Thanks for your help in advanceBen
The computer that I primarily access Xero on is in a secured location.
Can I associate/reconcile the two separate transactions?Thanks
CLUSTER 2887
I'm baffled can anyone tell me how to account for this in Xero?
That way the company can just reimburse me as part of payroll.
CLUSTER 2890
We are setting up an employee that receives a taxable accommodation allowance.
Would you recommend any other add ons?Thanks all in advance!
CLUSTER 2891
Also when sorting into order being able to click on the whole header box rather than just the name of the header!
Sometimes companies need to merge transactions using two or more account into one new merged account.
Any tips?A complete cloud based software solution designed for Real Estate Agencies and their Agents.
CLUSTER 2894
On the Sales tab and Purchases tab it would be a nice feature if you could add a column to include the tracking categories.
Is there a way to setup an option to automatically run the depreciation on fixed assets on a regular basis (i.e., monthly)?
Can xero run or send us a super stream payment confirmation or receipt with no employees details involved?
Is there any subscription software ( billing clients monthly and automatically charging their credit card), that integrates with xero, thanks
CLUSTER 2898
How do I make an adjustment to the VAT return to reflect this?Thank you,Cheri
We really need phone access to oyur support area.
CLUSTER 2899
Can I export all my accounts put a track on them and then import them back into Xero or should I just wait till 01/07/17 and start from there.
I don't deal with purchase orders or any of that stuff, just go get what I need and either pay cash or pay from my business account.
Is there anywhere in the system that you can enter the employee's annual entitlement and the  employee's payslip to indicate a holiday hours remaining balance too?
CLUSTER 2905
If I should set up a new account what sort/type should I set up?Any pointers appreciated.Cheers
There are many large payments in my reconcile area that need to be broken down into smaller payments.
If you are a user of Xero and Active Collab, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Spotlight Dashboard, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2907
So if it searched on the reference first, then it would have found the invoice straight away.
However, Find & Recode is TERRIBLE in not working based on any text field.
CLUSTER 2908
How do I get the correct beginning balance entered?
I am getting double amount as Employer Contribution.
CLUSTER 2909
I want WIP in XPM to have an automatic link to ledger, much in the same way as Accounts Receivable is always "live" in Ledger.Also, is it possible to have leave balances to be linked to reports, in the same way say, "superannuation entitlements" is linked?Hope there is a simple solution, thank you.Alexander QdeQ
I like the feature of being able to add notes to an invoice whilst chasing debt, but could it be possible for Xero to create an outstanding invoice report that we could run, which would also show the notes and dates, or if there was a date showing against the outstanding invoices to show when there was last a comment saved against them.
On the new UI for the dashboard there is a widget for cash in and cash out, however this includes all internal transfers and therefore vastly distorts the true cash in and out of the business for those who use tax clearing accounts on similar.Example: a business gets $10,000 cash into the business through the main account and transfers $2,500 to the tax clearing bank account.
CLUSTER 2913
It would be more intuitive to save the payslip and return to the Payrun page showing all employees for that period.Hope this makes sense.ThanksDan
Because Xero only allows one or the other on an employee pay template there is no way for us to track this information in Xero and we are forced to enter them as 10% catchup.
)The payroll is a bit of a mess with incorrect leave calculations, weird set up of salary sacrificing etc.Any thoughts gratefully received!
CLUSTER 2915
Hi, First I should disclose that I am not a bookkeeper, so please excuse me if this question has an obvious answer.
It doesn't seem like changing the conversion balance would be correct.Any suggestions are appreciated.
Is  there a way of using the Payee names to recall the last account code used.
This would allow me to check the costs of the project how it is made up into various parts of our accounts.
CLUSTER 2918
So i voided this transaction and now on the VAT return screen for my next VAT return in May it is saying I need to repay all the VAT claimed back on that transaction... Is there an easy way to fix this?
Reason being is that a custom tax rate can show on the GST Audit Report with the wrong sign (positive/negative) when the account normally has a credit balance (i.e.
Is there a way to set up an invoice number and then have Xero automatically use the next number.Invoice 7414 - then Invoice 7415 instead of Invoice 7414 then defaulting to Invoice 0483.Appreciate any help.
Alternatively, I would like the ability to reconcile to three transactions, and then somehow select those three transactions and 'merge' them into a single split transaction.Is there a simple way of doing this that I haven't been able to find?Thanks,Glen.
CLUSTER 2920
HiI need to reconcile several term deposits with our bank as these have been deducted from our account.How do I allocate this in our chart of accounts as an investment to show in our reporting?
On the NZ Payroll - Pay Run Overview Screen provide totals of the Total Cost and Total Paid (posted and unposted) for each Financial Year
seems for my needs overly ambitious - and thus bringing a price tag higher than xero itself.Would welcome any thoughts on an approach from similar retailers.
A lot of time is spent going right back in to client details to find out this information when we need it for deliveries etc.Thanks.
CLUSTER 2924
What is the best way to reconcile numerous client invoices to one single payment transfer from the DD bureau?
Hi all!Having problems with a 'Petty Cash account' where I record expenses incurred by the Director that are not paid for on the company card.
Total deductions from payroll are $2,000 as the business has claimed the GST input credit back in the BAS.
Is there a way of combining them for presentation purposes within Dashboard?Can I also show a TOTAL for the highlighted account codes?
Is there a way that we can change the starting date for our Bank Feed such that we could see transactions from the beginning of July 2014?
We have 2 offices at 2 locations under the one business entity and are using tracking to keep transactions separated in Xero.
CLUSTER 2927
How do I get the depreciation correct in Xero to show only the 40% on some assets.
I have no issue with this, however, unless they are set up as an advisor, they can't add to the chart.
CLUSTER 2929
I know I can see the account details per individual, but how do I create a report that would show me how the residential program is doing month to month?
I want to be able to manage stock takes, stock losses, and sales (via invoice) but need an opening quantity.
I need at any time to be able to pull off a report to tell me how that department is performing against their own personal budget (including all expenditure and revenue costings).
My issue is how do I UN - assign leave type, so that on his payslip, these leaves dont keep coming up, and accruing.Many thanks in advance!!
CLUSTER 2935
When adding a new client my financial details are always the same for every client, i.e.
PayPal is not a viable option as of the high fees compared to our amount of rent collected.
Has anyone ever used Zen Payroll before?I'm trying to decide on a payroll service.
CLUSTER 2943
I have a situation with an account that can be both a current asset and a current liability depending on the balance.Is there a function, like other software packages, whereby an account can be set up as a "floating" account so it moves on the balance sheet depending on the balance at that point in time?Thank youChristopher
We also have multiple due dates on the one invoice so after comparing the options on prepayments and/or multiple invoices I have decided to go the route of multiple invoices as I want to be able to send the customer a statement which shows only the current total due and not the balance remaining for future due dates.
CLUSTER 2945
Should I re-enter the Item Code on the invoice whenever it comes through from WFM?Lastly, do I need an inventory app for this?
We need a feature to restrict Access to the CONFIDENTIAL SUPPLIER LISTS, and also the cost of goods that are sold.
Then, on the following pay periods, I want to deduct a set amount of money from her paycheck to recoup the loan.
If you are a user of Xero and Shopify by Carry The One, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 2948
I am not sure what code I should use when recording payments to sub-contractors (they issue invoices) if they are not registered for GST.
On a couple of the contacts, the name was spelled a little different (a period at the end of Ltd in Xero and not in the CRM).
CLUSTER 2949
If the latter is the case how do we treat the repayment and interest charges etc.
3 or 4 fields per client would be perfect.
I just need to know now, how to delete the posted payroll run for April.
So I look back at the expense claims and they are showing as GST exclusive again.
CLUSTER 2951
Under the Bank Account drop down at the top, check boxes would be nice so if I have 10 bank accounts/credit cards I can select which ones I want to see and the others that are coded aren't still in the report with the statement: "There are no statement lines to code for this period.
Currently method is...1) Click on Accounts2) Click on Sales (Page loads) 3) Click on + New  This could also be applied to +timesheets, +purchases, +credit note etc as it would save a lot of time jumping through different pages.
CLUSTER 2955
What is it easiest way to post a VAT Fuel Scale charge into Xero?
I would like to know if it is possible to include an uploaded file to these invoices?
Do you know how many people have commented on this great little quoting system?
CLUSTER 2956
When the goods are received I make a payment from the "Prepaid POs" asset account against the (now approved) purchase order.
I need to be able to specify the date / month range and show both total budget and actual expenditure for that period.
I use a job name as the tracker, I need a simple way to see how the reimbursables on a job are going.
All our staff would have to do would log on add hours worked & approve so I could pay staff
So while we can’t promise that all, or some new User Roles will be created - placing your vote on the role(s) you’d like the most will help us.
We are in the process of transfering old data onto Xero to ensure our historic accounts have been submitted correctly.
CLUSTER 2957
For a lot of online services, I can get the invoices from their website.
Is there a time period over which this occurs and has anyone else had this problem?
How do I deal with these transfers without the bank feed connected?
So it's not in a report, just in account view.Thanks in advance for any help with this.
I need to set up departments which I can report on (e.g.
CLUSTER 2959
The fields on that invoice are GST Exclusive, with the GST component added at the bottom of the invoice.
It would be great to have default button on the top of the page that controls the periods that are being reported on.
Do you pay suppliers 30 "Working Days" after being invoiced or 30 "Calendar Days"?
This is essential as we strive to become a paperless accounting office saving time and resources.
I have a couple of employees who I need to be paid from a different company logo than what all the other employees are paid from.
CLUSTER 2960
How can I check off the money paid to me is as per services rendered to my client?Create a bill but do not send it?
How can I enter varied hours while keeping the weekly salary fixed when it comes to payrun time?
Any tips?Automate your invoice collection with Direct Debits, eCheck and Credit Card Charges.
CLUSTER 2963
In order to accurately gauge my expenditure on a particular budget,  I need to create a profit and loss report, filtered by that particular grant and then manual add all of my separate Comms accounts together.
I still need to track exactly what's been sold for inventory tracking purposes and reporting, but creating a bill for each market seems strange as there isn't a customer and that's a required field.Hope that makes sense!
I am in state of Virginia, USA.Do I need to file a form, pay business state and federal income tax on a quarterly/monthly basis for what my corporation has been generating income every month?
Hi There,If you provide services from the UK to a business in another EC member state the place of supply is the member state of your customer and so the sale falls outside the scope of UK VAT.
A 'Payment Options' feature in which you record what Payment Options a Supplier accepts, e.g.OnlineEFT-POSCredit CardCashChequeShellsYou get the idea.The option to select more than one would be ideal.
You are loosing the market to Quickbooks.Please contact me:Info@proaccountingdd.comor on my cell number at 718-964-8990.We are looking forward to a positive reply.Owen and Dina Dornstein
How do I skip the current invoice without approving?How do I let my staff know that they need to amend the invoice?At the moment it is almost unusable how you have designed it which makes me wonder whether I am doing something wrong.
It is extremely helpful for sales to see this activity: if a 'cold' customer suddenly reclicks a quote link from a few months ago then we see that instantly and know there is the possibility of a sale there.Is there anyway to add this.
While this is nice, if I need to make a financial decision (like do I have enough money to cover a payment), I never make it on Bank Balance, I make it on Book Balance.Why not add this number as well?
for the same files sizes.Would be great to have previews flicking up quickly, so we can scroll thru a group of search result images...Basecamp has developed a near perfect image preview system.
From what I understand about 1099-Misc, there are three key things that determine whether or not you must provide for a regular vendor (there are lost of odd rules for attorneys and the like so I'm just writing about your regular vendor.
HiHas anyone successfully managed to link up a bank account in Xero using a Lloydslink login?I have a number of bank accounts and therefore do not have a standard Lloyds Business banking login.
As our first system is not suitable for invoicing, it is not possible to create an invoice number.Is there a way I can import just the data to go onto an invoice (eventually) without importing it as an invoice?Thanks for any and all help!
It would be really helpful if dates could be added as numeric only rather than alpha and numeric - much quicker to input date as 12.01.16 than 12 Jan 16.
My guess is I did the conversion when that old address was in the system, and that Xero is coded in such a way that it keeps trying to send the message to whatever address was in the system when the conversion was done, even if it has since changed.
This looks messy and is difficult to find the right item from the drop downIt seems the way around this is to enter a simple code into `Item code` with nothing in the `Item name' section.
I can't see any easy way to check this without setting up a client ledger and a bank account to see if a feed is available through Yodlee, which I don't want to do if we decide not to use Xero because of the lack of feeds.
So for instance 'Business 1' brand has a different income to 'Business 2' brand, can I generate a report somehow just for 'Business 1' if the branding is the only thing that is separating the two businesses.Cheers!
It also creates your choice of compound rules (Any Rules with many keys) or separate Rules for each key (each Payee equals one key).Please ask me all your questions about anything you do not understand.
This week they released their Storefront addition which just grates my nerve because they need to finish making their CC service interoperable with finance packages.Square can export CSVs of every detail or summations.
Both have been set up in Payroll the same way.However when I go to Publish the Payment Summaries one employee is shown correctly as Gross Wages the other employee has the full amount of earnings showing as "Allowances"!
Requiring me to click through various coloured dots in a calendar in order to discover what they represent is not helpful.More to the point - if you can pull this data up and represent it as a dot....why on earth cant you present it in a way that is useful!
We have two Shopify shops, is it possible to integrate the two feeds?We are having problems in the set up... One is now working fineShopify said it may be possible for xero to set this up as a custom feature?Thanks!
Super helpful :)When we get a Stripe payment from a Xero invoice this field is blank , and I'd really like to get that same information fed across again.Is this a Xero or Stripe issue?Many thanksBill
Each invoice would need to list every job by date, pick-up and drop-off destination.Can anyone recommend a job/ invoicing add-on for Xero for a Chauffeur business?Many thanks
Since the latest Fixed asset upgrade there is no longer a link in fixed assets to the IRD depreciation rates and there is also no way to upload a document to the fixed asset purchased as we have in the past.
Rochelles response....Thanks for letting us know that the Subscriber is no longer with the company.If you're able to log into Xero with the Subscriber's account, you can transfer the subscription within My Xero.Again - pure brilliance.
CLUSTER 2965
We supply products to customers that we need to resupply periodically every 12,25 or 50 days.
It would be really useful to include a $value amount for "Invoiced" to the quotes dashboard aswell.ThanksJo
Also is there a way to search for other payments i've applied as 'direct payments' because i will need to go back and amend them too :( Thanks
The software should meet the following criteria:-Uses bar code scanners to track transaction in and out of the inventory location.
CLUSTER 2967
Plus, we are due back VAT on that previous return which hasn't been paid... how will this reflect on our report we are about to file in the coming days?ThanksK
Debit/credit card payments are processed by PayPal and all the sites I have produced (around 500) feed into the same PayPal account.
It would be great if XERO could enable their CSV invoice import file template to accommodate multiple currencies.
Is there a way I can change who the invoice is addressed to for each invoice without having to set up multiple contacts for the same client?I can think of other instances this would be helpful.
CLUSTER 2969
In other software's you are able to choose between left or right to view the same reporting information on the next period range.e.g.
Does anyone know if it is possible to add custom columns to the transaction list view, accessed via the Chart of Accounts.
Any tips?Practice management software for architects and engineers - projects, timesheets, contracts, transmittals, benchmarking + more, integrated with Xero.
CLUSTER 2970
Can anyone advise me how to do this in Xero with correct ramifications on tax, super and accrued AL hours?
Most of our expenses are externally generated reports so other pieces of software have difficulty as I am not using the time for costs.
How many people who use other programs can say they've had such great support from their program support team?
CLUSTER 2971
Has anyone had this issue and created a new account?
At the moment we can only see this information in the item screen.
Please remove this feature, or have it as an option that you can choose.
It’s still turned on and set up, but is not pulling any data.
CLUSTER 2972
This process will take forever!Is there any way round this please?
On the second Friday of the Month every "X" monthsetc.
CLUSTER 2973
Is Paycycle now fully integrated or do we still need to do payruns in paycycle and transfer?
When entering a load of purchase invoices it is usual to do 'Approve and add another'.
Today when I look at the reconciliation page, none of the transactions are suggesting matches for me any more.
CLUSTER 2976
How do I account for this in Xero?Also, through the first half of the year I used one business account for both of my businesses.
aka one master contact list that works across multiple xero accounts that are under the same log in.
Approve for Sending suggested to me that the invoice would be approved and then be ready for the next stage of sending.
The way adding files is set up now, I have to drag and drop files to the quote/invoice, which is no big deal.
Whether it's sending invoices or PO numbers, less and less of our customers and suppliers are receiving anything.
Hi,It would be great when you are editing invoices if you could insert a new line anywhere on the invoice.
Can somebody please advise if wages will be recorded on the employee payment summary net of the salary sacrifice.
Can somebody please advise if the wages will be recorded on the employee payment summary net of the salary sacrifice.
CLUSTER 2982
How do I allocate the funds  ie   $500 to the invoice and the balance to the ledgers.
Is there any other way of sending reminders that a monthly amount is due from a package.
Is it not possible to have the two linked to save double data entry
Is anyone else having issues with getting in contact with anyone from Xero?
CLUSTER 2983
I would like to see the ability to apportion incoming bills to outgoing invoices.For example if we purchase 10 laptops and raise 2 invoices for 2 different customers I would like to be able to see which bill they arrived on and also to see any bills where the total items are not fully apportioned.
Perhaps an approval process that requires entry by an employee as a draft change that is then approved by someone else within the organisation, just the way it is for draft invoices and purchases?I understand that aba files are able to be changed, but it would be good to get some alert or approval request if bank details are changed.
It would be great if updates were given to invoices automatically when Debtor Daddy reminders are sent out so they can be more easily tracked.It would also be good if Xero could allow for contacts to be added to specific invoices so different project managers contact details can be attached to different invoices.
CLUSTER 2984
I'm just worried if I change the default it will reflect backwards on our accounts for the first half of the financial year.
I would like the option to have another email address for quotes seperate to invoices email address
So the employee can see and as the payroll administrator, so I can see what leave is applied for or approved for the that particular timesheet when approving.
CLUSTER 2987
For purposes of this post, how do I enter or categorize this credit refund to the card?
Is it not possible to add a feature whereby we can specify which areas we cover.
Our auditor is currently reviewing our books and require this to be resolved ASAP.
CLUSTER 2992
Please Xero can you let me know when this is going to happen?
See an image in my bio pic.Please help.
CLUSTER 2994
How can we help him as he wants to use this facility and he does not like the suggestion of have to do transfers.
I got an email about Xero no longer supporting annual deposits.
CLUSTER 3000
I need to export itemised report showing motor vehicle expenses how do I do this?
Hi Folks,I have an issue here regarding how Xero is calculating my VAT returns.
They need to go into my Merchant Services bank account instead (not integrated).
Just wondering if anyone is using this software and does it come highly recommended.Thanks
CLUSTER 3002
How would we create documents for loan stock.
There is no way to bulk approve, which seems ridiculous.
How can I enter a VAT surcharge onto xero.
CLUSTER 3004
I have 2 separate invoices from Amazon.co.uk for books (which might be hard or might be soft copy, unclear).
We are a small interior design company where we have to invoice clients in advance for the FF&E items that we purchase on their behalf.
For example the exit button could be an open door and the delete button could be a trash can as these are commonly used icons.
CLUSTER 3005
I instead spent the money on personal things, how should I deal with these in Xero?Please helpSam
If theres anyone out there who can assist, and also offer accounting services later on i'd appreciate it.
I need to print out all the invoices so is there a way I can reactivate an account so I can get all my information from it.Thank you
This did not work.4 - Every other employee has been able to access their account it is only this one that is having issues.
Are we supposed to add Holiday Pay as a Pay Item that the employee uses on their timesheet?
As I have told you on countless occasions, this is a pseudo email address we used *only* to log into Xero.
CLUSTER 3006
I understand why it is there and that I need to do something to get rid of it.When I look at my conversion balances, I have 3 things in there:1.
I found the back-up and support prior to and after the conversion to be exemplary and even included a one on one training session.
Once the items arrive, we then add the items into the inventory manually, adding number of items purchased etc.Is there an easier way?
Any tips?A free online application that helps businesses, accountants and advisors access business finance.
CLUSTER 3007
There are many large unfiled amounts on the Report.
Incorrectly added 2011 as the year when should have been 2012.
This  information  does  not  appear  on  any  reports  except  payslips.
Is this something I need to adjust in Deputy or Xero?
CLUSTER 3009
How should I go about it, as I cannot find any 'adjustment' feature in Xero.
Can you please advise the best way to  tackle this transaction?
(I'm fairly new to this software, so if it is already there I apologize, but I do not see it.)
Any tips?A flexible and scalable cloud-based POS.
CLUSTER 3013
Accounts receivable and sales tax show the total of invoice instead of separating vat and income.
I can readily reconcile the bank account in Xero, using live transaction feeds from our bank.
If you are doing corporate personality testing for your cost sheets it would be so very kind if you could remember the small fries out here.
CLUSTER 3014
Then on invoice I account for the sold shirt as Sales (can't remember chart account #).
This would be particularly useful when looking for a particular job in the list of invoices.
Please can you give us the ability to choose any date for the AR report.
CLUSTER 3016
Should I set up a different tax code at 0% - I want to make sure the expenses still end up on the BAS.
Does anyone know if there is an add-on that will help (I don't quite understand add-ons yet) or does anyone have a tried and tested method.
In the "Reconciled transaction details" page Xero shows the statement line on the left and will tell you it's reconciled to... "nothing".
Any tips?Google Apps for Work is a powerful productivity tool that seamlessly integrates with Xero, so you can focus on growing your business.
CLUSTER 3020
Working thru an email only channel is not effective and certainly hasn't resolved anything.
Any tips?Chase overdue invoices automatically by email, SMS and letter.
Does anyone know of an App that will allow me to raise invoices in a foreign language?
CLUSTER 3021
Instead of reporting for Travel Air, Travel Hotel, we want a master G/L account called travel and sub accounts.Why does that not exist, or am I missing something?
It will really appreciable if you can add more option in search command for search any description whether it is processed by spend or received money command or use " Who " , "What " or " Why "command.Thanks
CLUSTER 3023
Does anyone else experience this?
Please tell me if this can be done, and how?
How can I get around this issue?
CLUSTER 3025
We need to be able to export a detailed general ledger to Google Sheets, as opposed to Excel.
Any tips?Monitor hundreds of KPIs 24/7 and be alerted if something goes wrong.
CLUSTER 3026
Should i edit the invoice amount OR use some form of credit note?
I can't be the only one who would like to create multiple identical credits.
Any tips?South African payroll software that simply works.
CLUSTER 3031
Can I suggest that instead of having a button on screen to enable selection of a file to support a transaction, that there is an area where a file can be dragged to, or pasted.
One employee left end of the month so I put 30th April on their 'end employment' date and ran the P45.
Hey guys, when are we going to see a brilliant API that will truly allow the farming sector to fully utilise Xero?
CLUSTER 3032
Hi Xero, I find it really astonishing that you deleted the old sales per item report and suggest that the inventory report is the replacement?
Quotes are often required to be sent to people who are not the main contact for a client.Can we have the ability to choose a different email to send quotes to please!
Using MYOB we can print Tax Receipts to individuals/companies that gave financial and/or in-kind donations.Is there a way that Xero or an Add-On can help in this matter?
If a part payment is put through on xero and a payment is put through on workshop software it shows as two payments as you cannot reconcile workshop software payments.Thanks so much
CLUSTER 3033
Does anyone have a template or real-world example to share with me?
"Would anyone know the meaning of the error and how to overcome this?
I use the tracking function for different jobs my employees are on.
Can anyone offer any solutions or comments as to why this might be happening?
When are you going to fix the rounding issue with the new reporting?
CLUSTER 3034
We need to put through adjustments to claim on past services.
We are looking to use the expense claims function in Xero.
The finished goods are the actual stock item sold.
CLUSTER 3035
Perhaps there could be two options on the drop down list at the top under "Show by".
When a Purchase Order is made in TG, it's pushed forward to Xero as a bill.
CLUSTER 3039
They mentioned that there should be a report available with EVERYTHING – similar to what you could get from MYOB and other accounting programs.
But hiding it altogether and putting it where no one would expect to find it is another matter.Thanks
I am so frustrated with xero, currently I am on a 95% rate of my Purchase Orders that are emailed out not being received by the recipient.
CLUSTER 3043
Hello, I am new to Xero and need a little help with setting up how to account for our revenue.
My accountant is logging into Xero and then prints out my bills; yeah, the old fashioned way.
My business will be charged the sale and need to pay sales tax on the cost of the item.
I cannot understand why you need to download individual payslips and save them to send to an employee!!
There are a few snap on options in the Xero marketplace, they fall very short of being remotely good or useful.
CLUSTER 3048
I need to enter cash purchases that are made from the cash sales that my client receives each month.
Is there a way I can split it so that a percentage (or a set ammount) is allocated to 2 different expense accounts?
Hi There,I have started to build an e-commerce website on Bigcommerce and have heard that I can link it to Xero.
This is now urgent as I need ot run Payroll today, I cannot find any help on this anywhere.
CLUSTER 3049
If you are a user of Xero and Simply payroll, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Any tips?HR Easily is your all-in-one, cloud-based HR solution in Asia.
If you are a user of Xero and Tower Systems, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3050
Just as sales invoices create a number, so should receipts.
This enables my client to see what job this is for and further details.
Appreciate if anyone could help me on this.Skye
CLUSTER 3054
gst or perhaps income in one column and gst in the next, specifically on the dashboard.
Hi,Has anyone setup a Coles MasterCard to receive automatic bank feeds?
Any tips?Zeald specialises in innovative website design and ecommerce web development.
CLUSTER 3055
I know what is required, however,  I want to be sure I handle it in the best possible way.
We don't need our software package to do a lot but we do need to be able to see activity for each department.
Is there anyway of adding these statement lines to the one transaction in Xero (my payrun of 400).
CLUSTER 3057
We have also paid these expense claims so everything is good there.
None of whom should be receiving day to day correspondence for the company.
There is no other leave detail shown, and rejected leave is not displayed.
CLUSTER 3059
Would any of the following options work?Option 1 : Add a negative line on the invoice.
I'm using the Xero app on an iPhone, and it's no longer adding new receipts I upload to the system.
Is it possible for Xero to use the same exchange rate on the transaction being passed through to Xero via the API?
It is now clear that Xero Payroll is at best pre-alpha software and should never have been released to the public.
CLUSTER 3060
Is there a way to transfer the transaction from one account to another?
Is there a way for me to print/email those per invoice in Xero?
We are a small business but organise ourselves into 3 teams / departments.
I could see they are not reconciled in the bank reconciliation summary.
CLUSTER 3064
We are based in the UK and I want to get the tax rates set up so I know which ones we should be using.
The Balance Sheet report reflects Item on Inventory and the amount of the bill as payable.
The user would pre-configure "types" to specify which accounts should be debited and credited.
CLUSTER 3065
Hi I would like to be able to easily see who our top 20 customers are on a report that I could share with Directors.
Hi ,I pay $500 per week to my staff for basic wage, when he sold some property, I need pay him bonus.
Has anyone experienced that monthly salary pay run (payroll) produced different net pay every month?
CLUSTER 3066
Sounds like the right approach, I simply do not see how, in Xero, to go about doing this.
We will also have a small website (Squarespace) featuring a few products we are also manufacturing.
The major banks such as JP Morgan Chase and Bank of American should be added.
How do I find out what is the underlying system account so I can change them back to what Xero had them defaulted as?
CLUSTER 3067
How can I clear them or what do I need to do to prevent them showing as Awaiting Payment?Thank you
HiI have a client who currently is running 5 companies through Xero.
Should it be recorded in the awards account not sales account or somewhere else.
CLUSTER 3069
paid with my personal credit card).I have three questions:1) Should I forward the additional 15% discount to the non-profit when I on-charge the Xero fees to them?
Besides being the wrong thing to do -- the employee's opening balance did NOT in fact change -- there is no way to know where the number came from, who made the change and when, etc.
It would be helpful for cash flow purposes to have upcoming repeating payments added to the new tool showing the schedule of planned payments please.
CLUSTER 3071
Does anyone know of a way I can add a discount to an expense claim?
payrun feature is useful but need a way to add tracking.
Without the choice of APO,AP we can't run our payroll process.
Any step guidance on what to do ( or what I should have done ) would be most appreciated.Thanks Robert
Any step guidance on what to do ( or what I should have done ) would be most appreciated.Thanks Robert
Also, company is in Washington state and has L & I and other reports.Thanks
CLUSTER 3075
What re found to be missing was the ability to decline a purchase order submitted for approval like you can do with expense claims.It would be great to see this addedThanksHelen Fortune
You can see this in the PDF report that you can download to review; the totals on the summary page are different to the totals in the detailed section of the report.This has happened to us frequently.
Items with expiration dates can be sold randomly if costing method is Special-Batch or sequentially if costing method is  FIFO – Batch.5.
CLUSTER 3076
Please can you make it possible to link items in the inventory  to contacts for procurement, as if using suppliers product codes for the item code, for simplicity, a problem arises when two different suppliers have the same product codes, either for different products, which confuses or the same, which means you cant see a price comparison, this would aid greatly when completing purchase orders, to mirror supplier quotations.Also the item code being visible on the default xero template, as there is no margin for error on the suppliers end as they have the codesI believe your procurement/purchase order system would be unrivalled if these were implemented, and would encourage xero users who don't use any kind of purchase system to adopt this, as it would be very "cut and dry" no margin for error from either parties
Due to some confusion the bank teller incorrectly recorded the transaction on the bank computer as 590.00CR, instead of 1,590.00CR.On Xero, the bank statement lines for that month was imported and now reflects the (incorrect) deposited credit amount of 590.00CR.BANK STATEMENT LINE:590.00 CR - transaction recorded on bank statement line, as imported into Xero for recon (incorrect)ACTUAL TRANSACTION RECON:590.00 CR - cash income received from fund raising (the portion of 590/1,590)1000.00 CR - accounts receivable (the missing portion of 1000/1590)How do I reconcile this transaction to correctly reflect and make provision for the missing 1,000.00CR (now owed by the bank to the organisation)?
The ideal workflow would be something like this:- Quote for project in Xero- Quote accepted in Xero- Job automatically created in Project Management Software upon the Quote being accepted in Xero- Project workflow, schedule and tasks are developed in Project Management Software once this job has been created- Tasks, schedules, due dates and deliverables are assigned to team members (ideally they could maybe be integrated into our existing Google Calendar and Todoist - although a good To-do List withing the software would be fine)- Time is recorded and tracked in Project Management Software in a relatively automated way by tracking the time in software and dependent upon with project is open within that software- Tasks, jobs and due dates can be adjusted dynamically to update schedules and tasks as they are needed- Tasks can be completed, tracked and reported upon from Project Management Software to see how much time is taken, if we're on budget, etcIt would ideally also have good mobile apps and be fully compatible with both PCs and Macs.I've just started a trial with Teamwork and it seems ok so far, but I can't see a way to automatically create a project once a quote is accepted in Xero.
CLUSTER 3077
Cleaver software would recognise the fact that I was in my settings page for a reason.Please make this work for people who think in different directions than you.
Like when we do batch payments to a supplier ,there would be a list of oustanding invoices that we are paying against and a signature for the supplier to sign and confirm that they have received the payment .
What is best practice here, as the only way I can see it being done, is for a staff member to enter in the mileage in WFM and then again in expense claims in Xero, duplicating the task?
CLUSTER 3078
If not, what is the best way to create non-item based invoices.Thanks
My understanding of this setup is that I don't need to pay any PAYE or National Insurance on payments to myself.
Any tips?Complete integration of inventory & sales with Magento eCommerce (all versions).
CLUSTER 3079
So I still don't know much how Xero works.We have a medium business.
I cannot find the answer as to whether this is possible and if there is an extra charge.
CLUSTER 3083
I can bring up an "owners equity" report, but how do I track equity for multiple partners with different contributions and ownership percentages.
Hi,We are starting up a tourism venture that will encompass existing assets that have licensing and documents that need to be addressed on a particular date.
At 6pm UK time the system seemed to return to normal, was there any maintenance been run on the system that would cause this?
CLUSTER 3084
Certain countries having different requirements for how an accounting system should work.
Solving issues via email and support forums is not adequate.
CLUSTER 3085
So from what date should i do GST from, if i need to start with a Zero balance.I hope all this makes senseG
This should be the default so I can just tab through the field without getting the error, "Quantity cannot be empty."
---Any of your inventory management partners support consignment functionality and multiple legal entities?
CLUSTER 3086
I currently have it set to "Suspense" so I could go ahead and reconcile.
We are a small Charity with 8 members of staff - all whom claim expenses.
Any external solutions for recognizing revenue that integrate easily with Xero?
CLUSTER 3087
One day after that, I checked again because Xero was fixing an issue ( by the way, it took them more than 1 year to find the fault)then all my balance is WRONG.
If the description was on the activity report, it would make invoices MUCH easy to identify.Please can anyone let me know if you can add this in?Thanks
We expect to have live tests available in 2-3 months.anyone interested please email me on jaredsherwood1@gmail.com
CLUSTER 3088
Can you please help me with the journal entries for advertising expense payment made by the head office on behalf of the branch .
I've already invoiced the client for the full cost of the job, and I have created bills from my contractors showing how much I owe them.
How can I get the Budget Variance report to report a period within 2 financial years in one report?Thanks
If I could have a list of credit notes that are active, i can hound the vendor to provide me with a credit no ref no., and they can actually put it on the statement.
CLUSTER 3089
In the situation when there is multiple bank accounts there is no way of identifying the published bank recs  without opening each report.
In the past with my other clients I would set up 2 wage accounts, one for the Officers and one for the employees.
Remember XERO, we are the ones that need to work with your product for hours a day....how about some genuine respect and action on feedback!
CLUSTER 3091
Please could you advise how we process a credit via expenses?
If I am to convert any rural/primary producers to Xero, this feature is very important.
Hi, How do I receive inventory that has been returned back to me to which I am crediting the customer for?
Currently I can only run reports for 1 year or 2 years.
CLUSTER 3092
This is laborious, time-wasting and prevents us (and others) moving forward.
It is starting to happen every 5 minutes making it very difficult to work.
CLUSTER 3094
In PayPal this gets recorded as:https://www.evernote.com/l/ACbA1S5CHM5J2o_ruhiUOI5d64ouWB9-ERk- A refund for £143.96 - Fee reversal of £3.54The issue is that Xero records this as:https://www.evernote.com/l/ACb3YkII2rhKNZoAsnupNv6nVduVO3yprAk- Refund of £147.50- Fee reversal of £3.54This results in our balance being off by +£3.54 and we need to manually create a new transaction to resolve this.
Just looking on some advice on how to best utilize Xero and needing advice for a new project.We will be taking on some self employed drivers which we will collect online fares from the paying customers, that money is then transferred weekly to the drivers less our commision.How would one set up xero to show the total number of fares for each driver collect, then transferring that to the driver less his commision.Thanks
Hi we have Full time staff, Part time staff, and Casuals, When doing time sheets I dont know which they are on , only by going into there Card, Which is very time consuming  when you have a lot of staff ,  So when Pubic holiday s come around , I dont know who get paid Holiday pay and who dont , IS there any way this can come up in the Time sheetsThanks Eileen
CLUSTER 3095
"), and I have update by with out providing this sales terms but its not working.Could you please help me to overcome this problem.
We have not categorised our contacts like this other than the country they are located in.Does anybody have any suggestions as to how I could do this?ThanksDavid
CLUSTER 3096
Hi,I’m looking at Xero for a NFP.Does it do proper fund accounting?A quick example is that within one bank account, I need to continually carry a balance of things like, Youth, Women, Children, Benevolence, etc.
I am facing a problem on recording Prepaid Insurance using Xero business pack.I am wondering if I should use the Prepayment function under Bank Accounts, or should I create an asset account called Prepaid Insurance to c/d the amount to next financial period?
I should be able to use Xero myself and I would like to see my monthly progress.I created this screenshot to explain it better:http://i47.tinypic.com/21cur6h.gifThe image shows three Profit and Loss reports.
I set the account for props bought as '325 - Direct Expenses', and the mileage claimed by employees as '493 - Travel National'.When I put these items on the customer's invoice, should I set the account as the same as when bought (Direct Expenses & Travel National), or should I set them all as 'Sales'.Thank you in advance for any help!
CLUSTER 3098
The later would surely give me more details on how much I'm spending with each supplier?Same applies with expenses.
On the screen with the list of expense claims awaiting authorization, there's too many steps/clicks in the process.
I am trying to setup Xero, so that a portion of the payments I receive are automatically allocated for tax provision.
CLUSTER 3100
I cannot find a way of showing how much we owe (what is due now not the total we owe) to this supplier in USD.
Any tips?All-in-one Inventory, POS, EDI and 3PL cloud software for both Retailers and Wholesalers, check out .
CLUSTER 3105
Is there a way to stop repeating invoices before the next invoice date without deleting them from Xero?
Is it possible to print the activity list produced when drilling down on the Contacts tab to individual contacts.
CLUSTER 3106
Is there or can there be a function where if you have reconciled several invoices against the one payment, and you have reconciled one in error, can there be a way of only unreconciling that incorrectly matched invoice and not the whole batch payment?
Hi teamI've recently discovered that a number of transactions seem to have been disrupted - and not appeared - in our bank feeds around the time of the Kaikoura earthquake on the 14th of November.
How ridiculous.Also we are with NEST yet on the drop down only "Other" appears when you try to select a scheme, this means I have to manually login into Nest to tell them how much I need to pay.I am so frustrated.
CLUSTER 3108
Instead of typing up the 200+ invoices, is there a way I can do some form of journal transfer and reconcile all of the amounts to that?
If you are a user of Xero and BigCommerce by Carry The One, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Magento by Carry The One, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Zencart by Carry The One, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3109
Staff are also able to enter their own expenses and may make the same mistake.Thanks
When clients are coding they are prone to ignore the code even if it states 50% deductible.
It could be in the same row as the gross wages total to show how many hours the employee.
The account transactions view only shows symbolized attachments where the are direct reconciliation transactions.
The bill can be automatically paid on the lodgement date by a liability account (e.g.
CLUSTER 3111
We then receive a statement at the end of each week and we pay on the total of that statement.On the bank feed I would like to go to find and match and find each invoice and credit note that applies to that weekly statement - the credit notes we have do not apply to any invoice from our supplier.
However if we coudl use the Charts of Accounts we've set up for the P&L it would make this really easy.Kind regardsChris ScanlonChris.Scanlon@Fintech-ltd.co.uk
i've reset his payslip, i've reset the entire payrun, i've made sure the leave times are approved,.. it's not showing those additional 2 leave times and i don't know how to get them to.this is also happening with other employees, how do i fix this?
CLUSTER 3113
Hi Xero,Is it possible to add an option that shows the debit and credit of the account use when printing the check voucher?
As a user of "" I would like to be able to connect my Xero account to my bank account at  in the same manner as possible for other supported banks.
It would be very helpful if I could read other customer's reviews of what is done well or done poorly about each of the available options.
CLUSTER 3114
Could we please have an area in supplier contacts to enter accounts department details.
It's very time consuming having to tick off each item in the reconciliation screen when there are a lot of transfer transactions.
I deposited an amount that was 3 cheques from three different clients into our bank account.
CLUSTER 3120
Hi Xero Users,Issue:I have purchased purchased 3 items from XYZ ltd. ItemsBat  1  30 30Helmet 2  20  40Ball 3  10  30Total  100Paid shipping to DEF ltd 30and custom to XYZ ltd. 30Total  160Please keep in mind there are 3 different contacts; inventory item can be entered once and no MJ can be passed within contacts.how can i include all the cost in the cost of the inventory.
It is possible to add files to expense claims and bills - great idea.It is possible to assign expenses to customers and then invoice the customer - another great idea.It is possible to add files to a customer invoice - also a great idea.But - files that have been added to expense claims or bills, and then the associated expenses assigned to customers, are not easily accessible when you invoice the customer.
One of the main reasons I started using Xero is the fact that it integrates with many of the systems we use, including PayPal.Unfortunately, since starting to use it, I've found that PayPal Automatic Import has serious problems, which at the moment, mean it is not working at all on our account.We started using Xero from 01/01/2012 and on 24/02/2012 we set up automatic import.
CLUSTER 3124
I could scroll through clients in left column and see the important details regarding their account on the left.
Employee earning &#163;1500 per month, student loan deduction should be &#163;4.
Any tips?MechanicDesk is a comprehensive yet easy to use online automotive workshop management software.
(CX0004857743)This is not the first time we have had to wait days for a reply, we find it extremely frustrating that there are no contact numbers for Xero.
CLUSTER 3125
Fortune Innovations Auckland is a New Zealand Based Web Development Company.
If you are a user of Xero and The Good Till, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Debtor Daddy, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3127
When Print is selected an additional option box needs to be added to this screen, as pre-populating every return with {{_es_:signer1:signature}} is highly frustrating when preparing group packs.
Wages are calculated daily (paid weekly) on the greater of the minimum hourly rate of $14.75 plus 8% holiday pay or per vine rates that are inclusive of the 8%.
CLUSTER 3128
How then to link the two?Or should I just not worry, as the sum total is the same regardless?
Should I post the remaining amount to pay or the whole lot?
CLUSTER 3129
Hi,Are the workpapers only available to those using the partner edition?
We are having to manual go through all of our open POs to find the item.
It may be a typo error or an old invoice date.
CLUSTER 3131
As we have to use the 'Overpayment' feature for prepayments on non base currency payments, it would be good if we could export this as a PDF like a prepayment or credit note so that we can at least give a copy of this to the client.Would this be possible?Thanks.
I have recently needed to import a manual journal with multiple dates which has lead to individual csv files for each date, it would have been much easier if I could have imported it as one, obviously there would have been a contra entry for each date.
OK, lets see how many users would like XERO to seriously consider SA next after NZ, OZ, UK and USA -  can we host a mini XEROCON in Bloemfontein - right in the middle for all of us.
From what I gather the only way to do this is to download reports from MYOB Essentials, convert them to csv and upload them to Xero.I would like to import all of the transactions and all of the sales invoices to Xero.I would like some advice as to the best way to do this, which reports etc.
CLUSTER 3133
I should add I am new to accounting so it's best to assume I know nothing!Tony
Each transaction also has a "locked" icon displaying on the far left of the table.
If you are a user of Cloud Conversions, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3134
Hi Xero Team!Xero Tax/XPM is fantastic!
HiOne way we locate client's is by searching for their email address.
I can't find any way of importing existing claims for staff (i.e.
CLUSTER 3135
Or does it take it down to £995 like it should?Thanks in advance for helping unscramble my head!
bulk editing functionality, to assign multiple transactions to a given customer at once.
Has anyone else encountered the same problem and can give me some pointers.Thanks Stephen
CLUSTER 3136
The grant isn't earned revenue, it's a subsidy so I don't think we want to show as revenue.
I know I can use tracking with the expenses when they come through, but how do I check if I am over or under budget with my printing?
This can be confusing for employees and it would help clear up any confusion if these were shown separately.
CLUSTER 3138
How do I assign the bill to the correct account please?Thanks!
We have a number of Customers that are running more than one PO simultaneously.
CLUSTER 3139
I am quite new to Xero and a little confused by expense claims.I can work out how to post them and approve them but not sure how the entry gets posted to an expense account.I have had car payments come from my personal account so would like them posted against the appropriate account in our chart of accounts.Hoping this makes sense.
I would like to request one report that I can run to ensure all the bank accounts are reconciled.Currently, I am running a Bank Reconciliation report for every bank account (some organizations I deal with have around 10 accounts), and would much more efficient if it could consolidate into one report.Happy Voting!Nelson
CLUSTER 3143
This report is mainly used to scrutinise qty levels at set times (ie stocktake or invoice/purchase errors) so I feel it is vital!
HiWe are new to Xero and have had to make a few changes to the chart of accounts, particularly changing some codes from GST rated to Zero rated.
but since this is a huge change in procedure I imagine this will involve a fair amount of work to make it compliant if it is not already.Regards,Jon Theo
CLUSTER 3144
I am trying to add a bank account to a new client.When I click on the name of the bank in the dropdown menu, nothing happens - i.e.
Hello I am reconciling my monthly bank statement and am finding un-reconciled and double entries so need to know what I can do about these please.
There is $560 remaining which was not used and I can now keep since it wasn't used within that year.How do I now allocate the remainder on the credit note to my own profits?Thanks.
CLUSTER 3146
The customers would like to pay for the bed, and delivery and everything and leave.
What type of account should I create to show the cost of uniform that we supply to our staff?
I would like to change the name of the email attachment, is possible?ThanksARC
CLUSTER 3148
If the whole lot how do I show the part payment?ThanksLucy
Would be so much better if an overpayment could be copied.
CLUSTER 3151
The schedule name should therefore be in the same or a smaller size font than the note item heading.
There are times I need to edit these details (change of rate for part of the period etc.)
are recorded.Do I need to re-enter the details of all my staff to mimic a pay run on xero?
CLUSTER 3157
I am operating vat flat rate cash scheme.Any ideas?CheersJason
We also should be able to have two or more users agree to merge their Feature Requests.
CLUSTER 3158
For clarity, we're running a stonework business so the reference would be along the lines of: Smith Grave, St. Joseph's Cemetery, CorkHopefully someone else has done this!
Just wondering whether employees who have regisned and been paid out unused annual leave only receive a normal PAYG summary or whether I need to fill in an employment termination payment summary for them.
CLUSTER 3159
Our customers would like to see the actual trading terms (pulled from the Customer record) in addition to the Due Date on our Invoices.
As xero is becoming more and more common, I was wondering if it is in the pipeline that large orgs (eg telstra) will create invoices that automate directly into your xero account.
While reconciling the credit card I've noticed there are items on the credit card statement that are not on the Xero statement.I have refreshed the bank feed to no avail.
CLUSTER 3160
Is there a way to re-import the transactions dated April 19?2.
There are many other things that could be a lot easier to manage as well.
It would be handy if Xero could provide an interface or mechanism for this.
CLUSTER 3161
We are an importing company and place orders which could take up to three months to be delivered.
Can you please add on the timesheets report and leave report who approved the leave or timesheet.
Hello - is anyone able to work out if any existing reports could easily show what I'm after?
How do I get the W-2 that I generated in January 2016 for the 2015 payroll year?
CLUSTER 3163
In both cases the dollar amounts of the transactions are correct.
These are small transactions - many for $12 or $13.
CLUSTER 3165
It also means my COGS expense is $6 too low.How does one address this?
Can Xero PLEASE round the amount showing at T11 to whole dollars only?
This functionality exists currently in Freshbooks, would love to see it in Xero!
Can we have the ability to create our own vat codes and say where they will appear on the vat return.
Interested to hear how you tell clients to treat their creditors expenses and the reasons why.
I do, however, purchase and sell more than 20 things (this is an extremely limiting number).
CLUSTER 3166
I will write out step by step what I have done to record the transaction.I received a payment into my bank account which I realized was a double payment To allocate the payment  - I transferred it to my Misc Income account (to hold the payment).
There is no way of knowing that there are invoices waiting approval without have to click on "invoices owed to you"So I would like to see an extra line on dashboard between 'draft invoices' and 'awaiting payment', or the option to have 'draft invoices replaced' by 'awaiting authorisation'
A client of mine has asked if the following is possible and if not would like it as a feature request...'Is there a way to make the bank account number come up underneath the name of the business I am paying when I enter the bills?
CLUSTER 3167
Let's nevermind how I ended up with my receipts in confusion... our bookkeeper is away this weekend, and here I am with a stack of receipts I need to enter myself.
Hi,We currently have the situation where our client pays commissions based on the type and quantity of products sold.
Hi there, I know there are a few ways of integrating Xero and Magento - can anyone share their experience about which way has worked best for them?
CLUSTER 3168
Does this work?3) If the answer to 2 is yes, then how do I reconcile the paypal transactions to it?
Would it be possible to edit what is printed in the reference section of the check stub?
CLUSTER 3170
I don't believe they should be classed as taxable income as we do not derive any income from them.Finally we run a charity show once a year, selling tickets to the general public.
Since i cancelled the other service I used, would I just handwrite/submit a W-2 on his behalf to the IRS that reflects the full year?
CLUSTER 3171
Any charges he makes are listed on this account.Account AC - Sub account two.
I just need to know what my account balance was two weeks ago.How do I find this in Xero?
This is very simple to do, other cloud software does it, and even the spreadsheet that many of my smaller clients use can do it!
CLUSTER 3173
Which type of an account should I setup for this in xero to properly record the contribution?
I could transfer all unreconciled to being paid via a clearing account.
How do I add this so it's a permanent addition please?Many Thanks,Nathan
CLUSTER 3174
Although the current buttons to "add new" are nice, Xero assumes that is all I ever need to do by only have that "add new" buttons for each category This makes accessing all of my invoices or bills quite cumbersome and annoying as I should be able to quickly get to them without having to click my way through.
So for our clients on the cash basis (which is the majority of them as cash basis is allowed for turnover of less than €1m) it takes a little bit of time to get the correct VAT report by adjusting the financial settings and printing two Sales Tax Reports.
However, a number of payroll entries are ending up with unassigned tracking category.Firstly, when an employee is terminated, is there a way to assign a tracking category for their termination pay items?Secondly, it seems that super is not being assigned to the tracking category of the employee.
CLUSTER 3177
Can you please direct me what I am doing wrong, or this is how Xero works :)Thanks,NS
Besides that information is created for accounting  benefit, but is lost just as quickly.
If employees do not have hours in this payrun should I delete the timesheet for them before I process the payrun?
CLUSTER 3178
That is irrelevant at the moment as once I decide on the import options and try to save it says theres a problem.Can anyone help?
!I connected izettle last night and can now see that their is paid invoices for each days taking up to 17th of august, were is yesterdays data?
It's pretty much the only thing we now don't do in Xero so it would be nice to get this into the system also if possible.Thanks for the assistance.
HiWe are just about to give our staff access to the My Payroll feature.Is it possible to assign an approver to a staff member?
I fall outside of IR35 and therefore don't need to pay employer NIC.Do I need to set this up on Xero?ThanksJim
CLUSTER 3186
Good Afternoon Xero community!I'm looking for an accountant that is familiar with DCAA compliance and audit.
I am hoping there is a way to setup a bank direct feed from our CBA Commbiz bank account.
I would like to see a report that I could run that shows duplicate invoices.Thanks.
I presume this is because an invoice was issued, Xero is treating it as a product sale regardless of what account it was posted to.
We need an Add-on where you can allocate both sales invoices and expenses (payments) to specific jobs in Xero.
CLUSTER 3189
Hello All,In the state of Washington (USA) I am required to pay a tax on my revenue called the Business & Occupation (B&O) Tax.
On the occasion we receive an overpayment or have to refund a customer for any other reason, it really would be useful for it to appear in the "Awaiting Payments" list.
http://www.authorize.net/solutions/merchantsolutions/merchantservices/automatedrecurringbilling/Anyone any advice on what works best for them?ThanksGeorge
CLUSTER 3190
?I would appreciate a prompt reponse, we have the audit 2016 starting next week, and I would need to sort this out before then.Many thanks in advance for your assistance.
Many of my clients that I am providing accounting services are used to receiving a General Ledger report from QuickBooks in the traditional general ledger format.
Hi, I recently joined Xero as Ive just started up my own small business and was wondering how I can access transactions that took place before I joined Xero?
CLUSTER 3191
We then lodge these and are paid this amount plus GST from NTG into the bank, so we receive $110 inc GST.
It would useful to have the ability to create and enter data into accounts for information purposes only for example, number of employees.
Now in 2016 my W-2 is not correct and I am again in a similar situation having to tell Xero support exactly what each box should read.
I have just run September’s payroll in Xero and the pension calculations are not working correctly – they do not seem to be calculating the correct %.
CLUSTER 3193
For example if I define the report period as 1 - 7 March then previous period would be 22 - 28 Feb etc.Thanks
When I attempt to select all and choose "Deposit", none of my PayPal accounts are in the list of choices even though my PayPal accounts are set up as "bank accounts.
We have entered the opening balances in individual employee section, however, the YTD earning figure on the payslips only reflects the amounts processed through the Xero Payroll.
Hi everyone, I am Finance Manager of a medium sized consulting company and we are currently using the Xero tracking categories to run our business.
Hi,Has anyone else on the Starter plan noticed that the "total transactions reconciled for the current month" message has been removed from the new dashboard?
CLUSTER 3195
When publishing a specific 'custom' advisor report pack I realised a few problems I am having:1.
If you are a user of Xero and Pin Payments, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Payment Evolution, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3196
Hi thereIs there any way of attaching a PDF copy of the original Invoice with the automated overdue Invoice reminder that goes out to suppliers?Our Clients are requesting this as some accounts teams are not allowed to use links embedded in emails to retrieve information and require PDF's only.Could this be developed at all?Kind regardsVictoria
There is an option to use the current asset payment account as a clearing account but I don't want to do this because if an error occured and an invoice wasn't sent from woocommerce I couldn't track it down.So I need to delete all payment transactions.I have thousands, so clicking into each on and selecting remove and redo is not a viable option.Is there a way to bulk remove all payments?
But errors have since come up in the RTI submission because the incorrect code was set for the employe.To correct the failed RTI submission:Do I create an unscheduled pay run on the  employee only;And, Do I put through the hours on the pay slip as zero hours for last month or do I need to re-run the hours worked by this employee as for the entire month worked?
We currently have repeating invoices for the customers and repeating bills for the introducers, and I was hoping that the right add-on would do away with having to check the receipts each month and paying the corresponding bills, as the bills would only be created when they were required, and not sit around cluttering up the aged payables for months.
CLUSTER 3201
Is there a quick way of writing these off, or do I have to apply each credit which will take agesmany thanksMegan
I am trying to reconcile the credit card statement but do not know how to handle this refund.
Any tips?Simple time tracking, powerful reporting, and quick invoicing.
CLUSTER 3202
3- I am just wondering if anyone can help me set up RDO or double check them..
Hello,I need advise setting up Xero to  GST - Sales tax.
Is there a way to ensure they see details on all emails (without having to download the pdf)?
CLUSTER 3206
Hello all,Wonder if anyone can advise me - I am looking at using the sales invoice import function in Xero and have a few questions.1) Can you tell the CSV whether something has been paid?
After many emails back and forth and useless calls to Xero support (which isn't 24 hours) I have to say that anyone based in USA or overseas should NOT use Xero at this stage for their business accounting softwares.
CLUSTER 3208
Has anyone found a way to add tracking codes to the automated journals that are created when monthly depreciation is run.
Is there any Xero addon that could store this  information linked to product sale invoice and customer.ThanksJames Burn
The new aged Receivable reports are much better, (I have already asked for a tweak so that the "Today" option can be saved as a Template).
Integrated Client Account, Income Tax Account) can be reconciled in Xero, the same way bank accounts can be.
CLUSTER 3209
Hi Folks,Wondering how I deal with moving money into a "tax account" for future tax payments.
Which account should I choose when reconciling that payment?The eBay fees are % of my sales (variable cost depending on sales volume).
It states that I should just enter the matching Code, which sounds like the following accounts should already exist somewhere?
Hi,I think I'm going a little crazy :) I need confirmation that the way I am processing a purchase is correct.
Each time I create a new payrun, I still need to skip past employees that no longer work here.
No more admin, lost email attachments, unhappy HR departments, or former employees asking for documents.
CLUSTER 3211
Is there a chance that the software development team can look at an easier, less cumbersome way of posting vat only invoices to Xero.
After a couple of weeks using the new Files tool ( which is awesome by the way ), a Global Search for Files is an absolute must have !
If I received an invoice and made a payment (using the function at the bottom of the invoice), after a while how could I know which account I paid it from?
with so many clients paying same amounts a UIN in there bank  reference you should know who's paying without the guess work
CLUSTER 3214
HiPlease could you add a feature to allow filtering of records in reports?ie If I run the Payable Invoice report, I would like to filter for a Contact Group, or a specific Customer.ThanksMark.
We sell items wholesale/retail on the road so the ability to look up quantity of items on-the-spot would be of immense value rather than having to ring the office to get a quantity.
We have over "many" repeating invoices (over 100 per month).Is there anyway we can get a report of these?Ideally the report should be able to select by period etcListClient, Amount, Line item detail.
CLUSTER 3215
Hi allI've been asked to evaluate the suitability of Xero for one of my customers.There is one question I've had some pretty mixed answers to and haven't been able to find any info on to confirm it either way.If you sign up for either the standard or premium plans, is there any limit on the number of users?
HI,I have received 2 payments which cover three invoices:Payment 1:Invoice 600 and part of 621Also need to adjust for paypal transfer feePayment 2:Part of invoice 621 and invoice 628How do I reconcile this?ThanksDave
CLUSTER 3216
It is okay as it is a pre-payment revenue which is a negative current asset to us.
As this is a large invoice to us (45k EUR) this is acutally a major problem.
CLUSTER 3217
It is the first time this has happened and I was wondering if there was some problem with the ASB (or Xero) on that particular day.
If you are a user of Xero and Co-construct, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Is there a project job management system that integrates with Xero using multi-currecy?
CLUSTER 3218
Hi,This is a small humble but useful request.
Grow is powerfully simple business intelligence.
Does anyone have any ideas for an appropriate add on?Cheers
CLUSTER 3219
I have a new XERO account and this money is used for running company operations etc.
, but is still incredibly relevant in giving you an insight of how we make things happen at Xero!
Would this work?If not, does anyone know of a good add-on that would help manage this?
If so how do you allow for the percentage up front along with the remaining element when the payment is made by the customer.
CLUSTER 3220
Eg - if I make a $2000 goods payment for a fuel delivery, how do I enter into Xero that the $2000 was sales, and how do I know what part of it was GST, if any at all?
We would like to select repeating invoices and bulk change the billing date for a number of repeating invoice e.g.
I can't use the regular 'Expense' tools because the currency can't be changed from GBP.I wind up just entering the original invoice as a Bill, and then leaving it 'unpaid'.
It turns out that two of the Bank Accounts of my client is not supposed to be linked in Xero as it is not for that company's intended activities.Please advise.
CLUSTER 3225
This could also work for batch payments too.If anyone has a better way I am keen to hear it also!
Here's my workflow:- My software generates invoices once a day for customers whose subscriptions are due the following day.
CLUSTER 3227
It would be great to have a section in My Training / Xero U for all the webinars we've registered for that are upcoming, with links to the webinar.
If you are a user of Xero and Google Docs by Zapier, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
Unfortunately there is no way to match the Paypal Feed to the Xero import feed.HOW MANY OF YOUR USERS USE PAYPAL ?
CLUSTER 3229
It would be MUCH better if we could for example, generate a Sales By Item report and be able to have a search option so instead of a date range of all items, I can choose a line item and all it's versions.
When I use the CData add on to bring Bank Transactions into Excel from Xero, there are transactions that are missing from the import table that are clearly present when the bank statement is viewed in Xero.
Can anyone recommend a suitable add-on or way to use Xero which will allow a table to be included on the Invoice which will show the days and sessions type that the client for the Nursery/Day Care setting is being billed for?
CLUSTER 3231
Hi, I would like to know how to reconcile my bank statements to suppliers that I pay amounts that do not match any of the invoices entered.
This has left me with a inaccurate exchange difference for the previous years accounts.Is anyone aware of a way I can retrospectively change this or an i stuck with that figure?
It would be very useful for departmental cost analysis if these reports could have the option to group and sub-total by Employee Group.
Could we have a banner size logo as this would be very good for use of additional advertising or promoting additional products or services
CLUSTER 3232
I hope that Xero can get this up and running asap, it doesn't seem to be too difficult given that all the information for the reports would already be within the software?
I need to void the bill and create a credit note however i cant find how to move the pdf without deleting and starting again.
Any tips?Sharesight is a new generation, online share portfolio management system designed for DIY share market investors.
CLUSTER 3233
Accounts > Purchases > (scroll down depending on resolution) is becoming tedious.
so that please let us know that How we do ?Thanks and regards, Naphat
CLUSTER 3234
Would it be possible to nominate an email address to send notification when a repeating invoice is sent?
All transactions are normally made in the Current Account and the bank feeds have always worked successfullly.
Any tips?All-in-one client management, billing & support solution for web hosting businesses.
CLUSTER 3235
Sometimes you are not ready to save and reconcile all as you may need to check prior transactions but you are scared not to hit that button as you may lose your current coding if you accidentally press a wrong button or you get a Xero message Oops!
My challenge is that when this appears in my bank feed, there does not seem to be able to be any way to reconcile it against the cash clearing entry (which I can see if I look at the chart of accounts).Any help would be greatly appreciated!Kind regards,Lewis
It would be great to create an add-on for each one (starting with USPS since it's probably the most popular) so that Xero automatically pulls in info and matches it with bank transactions.Example: We use WooCommerce.
Now I need to just add manual amounts to their salary.So, for example, one person with a salary payment of &#163;2,000 setup i need to now add &#163;475 commission this month.
CLUSTER 3236
Can anyone tell me how the Xero data is backed up?Also if we need to do a restore ie go back a week or two due to massive data misentry ... how do we do that ?ThanksMike
What is the best way to handle time delay between payment for inventory to China factory and actual receipt of inventory into saleable stock at warehouse in Auckland?
WHILE MAKING A NEW INVOICE, IT SHOULD SHOW THE NET OUTSTANDING AMOUNT DUE BY THE CERTAIN CUSTOMER IN THE PREVIOUS INVOICES .AND THE TOTAL OF THE WHOLE IN THE BOTTOM.
CLUSTER 3237
It would be useful for the new profit and loss report to include a feature whereby the period can be selected to show for example months 1to 8 and then the comparative period will be the previous year of months 1 to 8 as it stands at the moment if you selected month 1 to 8 it would do the comparative of the previous 8 months effectively months 5 to 12 previous year.
I still don't have inventory on Xero and haven't chosen a third party software to integrate BigCommerce with Xero.My question is, do you know if any software would export the inventory with SKU's (each size has an sku) from Big Commerce to Xero apart from syncing sales?And also, if i sell an item on my office, create an invoice on xero, would this software sync with Bigcommerce and take of this unit from the stock on Bigcommerce?I've been searching some of the softwares like Zapier, Pipemonk, zapstich, one saas, carry the one and can't find the info, have sent e-mail for 3 of them, waiting for an answerThanks
CLUSTER 3240
Please don't tell me we can't include it on the sales invoice.....Ryan
We have just discovered that our rate of pay for a public holiday is incorrect.
We are not CIS but Help said do it, so I did.Obviously a big mistake.
CLUSTER 3241
Is there an easy way to transfer to the stock account once all expenses are received?
How do we not these part payments in Xero without creating unnecessary transactions?
CLUSTER 3245
So it would be extremely helpful if you could import into this area, copy or paste, or some other method of quickly adding information into here.
If I just post payments to the customer accounts, they will appear to have a credit balance which isn't true at all.What account in my chart of accounts should these deposits be coded to?
If I want to know how much I need to transfer before I pay the claims, I have to go back to the dashboard to get a total (!
I'm afraid that it will only calculate his NC taxes, whereas he should be taxed something for income he earned in VA. Can anyone provide any guidance?
)The guide seems to indicate that if we are using salary sacrifice for auto-enrolment then the employer and employee contribuitions should both be entered as 1%.
CLUSTER 3250
Is it possible to have the shortcut regardless of the method chosen to hide accounts on the Dashboard?
The only way I can think of is to set up a shadow subsistence account for foreign transactions.
CLUSTER 3251
IS there a way of tricking Xero into letting me backdate approvals so that the invoices are appearing in the correct month on the AP report.Am interested in your assistance to help me satisfy the invoice approvers, the suppliers  and the boss!
My invoices are often for the same amounts to repeat customers.Some of the larger companies are notorious slow payers, sometimes getting many months in arrears and when they pay invoices do so out of chronological order.
CLUSTER 3253
I wonder if there is any other add-on that can help me pay the bills or at least let me export a remittance file.
It would be extremely helpful if we could make changes to files and save them while working in Xero.
So I click on "+ Add new tracking option" and enter the details within the new popup.
Hi How can i view/see all attached files in any of account/transaction in a single window.Thanks
CLUSTER 3254
Other than clicking on each one and editing the transaction is there a way I can do this quickly?
Or even showing average hourly rate (which should be higher)?
CLUSTER 3256
Hi, Is there a way to see a live vat graph on the dashboard?Stelios
Hi all,Is there any possibility in Xero to generate only outstanding AR/AP positions.
The hours accrued are much higher than they should be and I would like to make an adjustment.
CLUSTER 3257
How can I set this up in Xero so that just at a click we can see all the debtors in each batch?
On the First Day of the Month every "X" months2.
Click  'Direct scan' or 'Instant scan' button.
Is there a better way as i dont want to show it on the payslip?
CLUSTER 3259
Could this be done via manual journal to cancel it out?
I understand that we will be providing a Directors Loan to the business, but how do we account for it?
?Any assistance would be greatly appreciatedJohn W P
How can I set this up so there is no PAYG involved.Thanking you so much in advanceLyndall
Hi there, New to Xero so hopefully someone can help.
How can I calculate what their average daily hours are and should I have to manually work this out?
For me, I really need the solution on how to reconciliate my PayPal USD.
CLUSTER 3260
Although these appear on the supplier's contact page, the amount due isn't affected by the expense claim.
Our company have multi-currencies supplier invoices, for example HKD, USD, EUR or GBP.
Hello,I think it would be great if we could assign a job code to wages in Payroll.
Hi Everyone, Has anyone seen / heard of any Add ons that would be suitable for an electrician?
CLUSTER 3263
The issue I have is, the Finance and admin will still have to create some invoices and bills, and because they have the approve permission it means potentially there are no "second eyes" to check their entries.I guess I don't know how to let go of control without being worried that all hell will broke loose.Curious whether anyone else has faced this dilemma and would like to hear how other people have their xero set up.Sorry for the essay.
So there is nothing in the bank feed to match against the expenses, and if you just book the net takings to Sales, then Sales will be understated.Is the best way to do it as follows:- Set up a Petty Cash account- Record expenses against it (so it goes into credit)- Book a dummy sales invoice, against petty cash to clear it out to zero?Is there a more elegant way?
Or should I bite the bullet this year and do things my old way for everything prior to June and add those numbers to my Xero reports to submit to my tax preparer?Question #2: If yes above, is there a way to import my spreadsheets rather than entering one-by-one expense reportsI pretty much only use receipts and invoices features.
CLUSTER 3264
Xero doesn't post all of the banks on their site who's feeds are not working, because its probably a massive number.
But I need to annul it, otherwise the VAT return will incorrect again!I can't work out how to do this as I can't 'unvoid' an invoice.
I'm sure that Xero developers could code an auto response to Date of input.
However, the auditors can not see supporting docs (images) on the spend money transactions.
CLUSTER 3265
Hi Xero User,I have subscribed to the services of a  third party payrolll service provider else than Xero.How can i account for the payroll in Xero.
Subject to Income tax, the gain of Intangible Asset" is nontaxable, therefore, how to make journal regard to this transaction.Kind regardsJoshua
I think this used to work on the old design of the page.This makes entering multiple transactions slow, because I'm always having to switch between keyboard and mouse.
However, I've just noticed when I look at the account transactions tab on the bank account, not a single one of the bills shows up with the document attached.
CLUSTER 3268
So how does everybody account for unpaid cheques?On the day you bank it you allocate the payment.
(from memory these always need to match up with a statement line in order to reconcile?)
CLUSTER 3269
when we paid for my client electricity bill or groceries , should we create new chart of account in expense or simply created other receivable account, i don't want this kind of transaction affect my profit & lost report, please help ?2.
I'm assuming that it doesn't because I have received bank deposit payments on invoices that are only marked as sent, however every time I receive an online credit card payment the invoices are marked within Xero as 'Viewed'I supposed I answered my own question, just really looking for confirmation on this.ThanksJordan
CLUSTER 3270
The inefficiency exists when we purchase lets say six products on the same order from Amazon.
We have been running our small business accounts using excel until now and are trying the xero trial.
Any tips?PayPal is a safe, easy way to pay and get paid online.
CLUSTER 3271
When scrolling through invoices on the mobile app, it would be more helpful to view the 'Reference' as a heading than the 'To'.
Is there a way to produce an Income Statement that is not in alphabetical order but in account number instead?
Hi there,Does anyone know a Xero add on which can manage fixed asset leases?
CLUSTER 3274
Hi,We want to use the expense claims to replace travel diaries, so I was going to collect all the costs of a trip on one claim.
Hi,I have a supplier who owes me money and vice versa so instead of me paying them and them paying me is there another way of reconciling the amounts owed?
Hi,As a gardening contractor I occasionally undertake work a day or two early if a monthly contact falls on a weekend.
Hi All, hope someone can assist,I would like to find out how to do the following in Xero: I have created a theme for quotes in the Invoice Settings.
CLUSTER 3275
I want to interview some small business owners so if you could spare 15-30 minutes for a quick phone call sometime to discuss these issues that would be much appreciated.
I have a new client who is a start up company and their general business is an Corporate Event Company but as they will be taking delegates overseas as part of incentive programmes they will also be operating a travel agency .
CLUSTER 3278
I was also wondering if anyone has suggestions for how to set it up for recording/tracking gift aid.
After having a good look through all the feedback on this thread: , we’ve made some changes which solve the majority of issues.
It would be great if we could have the details of when people are taking time off as an iCal Feed.
Does anyone know how to set the voucher to have 1 line for each reference number?Thanks
Any Ideas as I have customers accounts going on hold because of non payments but they have actually payed.
CLUSTER 3279
I can see that 2 is for sales, 4 is for expense, 6 is for asset, 3 is for Direct Costs but not sure about Liabilities, Equity, Other Revenue and Other Expenses please.
Only the originator of a New Feature Request should be able to use the Best Answer..Renaming the Best Answer would take one programmer a day.
So, firstly, can I undo the void action?Secondly, how can I change the reporting date?Or do I have to enter all the re-enter all of the expenses and start all over again?Many thanks, Jeremy
Is there a way using the Xero2Xero tool which would allow me to have my monthly purchases from Xero recorded in my Xero company file automatically.Thanks
What would be the best way to get rid of the accrued sick leave hours from the last time?Thanks for your help!
CLUSTER 3280
On a few occasions we've had to transfer a part of that payment back so she could repay it out of a different account.
Hello, I just managed to set my Coop Business account as auto feed, which is great.
CLUSTER 3281
How do I enter point rewards and keep track of everything since they need to be entered as accrued liabilities?
Hi,I am importing the opening balance for all my inventory items and the template requires me to calculate the total value on hand.
Is there a way to undo the previous reconcile, leaving the transactions there, so that I can reconcile the whole lot again afterwards?Olly
EG you could run a report to show p&l for the second week of the month or the 15th of each month.
CLUSTER 3284
When I go to find and match I can only see the invoices not the credit notes.Is there anyway I can see both the invoices and credit notes in the find and match window.ThanksNicole
Instead of the fancy new style formatting, how about a simple check box to make it possible to bukk send one of the pre-formatted email letters?
I'm not sure if I should bother syncing 1,000+ new customers a month into Xero who will most likely never purchase again.Interested to hear other's thoughts on this.
I just realised when I went to print my group certificate that I should have been separating the superannuation amounts out for the mandatory amount and the additional amount (mandatory was 9.25%, I was using 12%).
CLUSTER 3285
is a good example of how this works really well.If you type @ a list of all users pops up.
On page one the text starts to print at 4 cm down from the top of the page.
some of the leading Xero advisors actively share expert advice and tips on Twitter.
If you are a user of Xero and Function Tracker, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Expense Check, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3286
I also don't see anyway to add it to their pay on a daily basis so I'm guessing that I will just need to keep track of it somehow and then add it to each paycheck when I do a pay run?
This can only be done when creating an invoice or bill.We are always looking for new ways to improve Xero, so I've let the Product Team know that you are interested in this feature.
The ability to select all the unreconciled items on the front screen (just like the remove and redo option) would make the process much more efficient.
CLUSTER 3288
Allow dividend & interest schedule in a company to be linked to the trust or individual if they are on Xero Tax.
Unless I am missing the point, this is another feature that I have lost since moving from Reckon to Xero.
You should buy Xero simply to experience the best customer service and support you will ever experience.
CLUSTER 3289
What is best way to do this in Xero so that the project shows the income from the club, and there is a corresponding expense showing for the Club?
Hi AllDoes anyone know if it is possible to do an Integrated Client Account Statement in Xero?
Does anyone know how you can do a report of sales by item on a month by month for items over a 1 year period?
CLUSTER 3290
This will really help when away from the office to keep track of what payments and receipts are due.
Is there anywhere on Xero that I can find the current rates (by employee) at which annual leave is paid?
I can't find a customer support phone number anywhere and just need to call someone about it.
CLUSTER 3291
How are you all categorising import duty in your chart of accounts?I have a number of small imports which I am charged for by the post office on delivery.
Sales invoices are raised to the client and the majority of this will go to the current asset account reducing the Contract Value.4.
Please can we have an option for bi-monthly with the relevant calculations carried out so we can comply with the NY State requirements?Thanks,Richard
CLUSTER 3292
Since I have already paid tax on the full-time job I'm wondering what code I should put my wages under.
As Xero Personal is no longer, my partner and I have set our accounts in a cashbook to see if this is applicable to be offering our clients.
I understand the setting up of the budget and even as a relatively new business a lot of the figures are an educated guesswork.
I get about 100 odd sales per day how can i look them up in another program if the details don't show?
CLUSTER 3293
He will be advising me of all future orders and the relevant dates but how do I account for them going forward.
Should I code the prepayment to an accrued sales code in the balance sheet?Q.
Do I just delete the extra ones, or is there a better way to import?Many thanks
Our current method for book keeping is manually writing transactions into a ledger.
I have not had problems doing the same this on the Invoice.docx template or successfully making other changes to the templates.
CLUSTER 3295
Would we create the invoice as Tax rate = 'zero rated income' or something else?Thank you very much for any help you can offer.
A total of all accounts should be visible on the dashboard along with a line chart of balance, in and out.A date range to select would be nice too.
Would like to see the Search buttons on the Dashboard next to "Invoices owed to you" and "Bills you need to pay".
What's the best way to split the transfer across both credit cards while taking care of the lump payment that shows up on my credit card?
I have just run my payroll for this fortnight and one of my employees has bought to my attention that the payslips are showing double the amount of tax for the period.
CLUSTER 3297
However the 2nd bank account coded as liability will show up on their reports.Is this the right way to go with this or can you recommend another solution.Thank you for helping.
However I can't make salary payments in Xero without completing the auto-enrollment information, which I don't have......etc.The Pension Regulator told me that I should only need the staging date, which I have.
CLUSTER 3298
To give some insight, my company is a partnership with two employees, myself and my partner.
This is a lot of tapping in of figures to allocate the one large credit.
Hi there,How can I tell in XERO when a bank account was last reconciled.
Any tips?Business owners and freelancers can streamline their cash-flow.
CLUSTER 3301
What is the best way to code this discount in Xero?
Hi,Currently there is fields for Partner and Manager.
Is there a way to specify a tolerance range, i.e.
This is particularly true of the Analytical Review workpaper.
CLUSTER 3305
We would love to have a way for these suppliers to input their bills into our Xero account so we could then review and approve these bills.
Export is increasingly important to us and Xero's ability to work in multiple currencies is a very useful feature.
I often feel the need to send a statement to a reluctant-to-pay customer, whilst I am at their offices, or just on the go.
Hello,I have been asked by clients whether the links in e-mailed quotes and invoices are free of viruses.
CLUSTER 3307
How do I create this on the Xero invoice and invoice stationery to clearly show the different payment dates to customers?Thank youFromNiki
And for invoices I just typed them up.Question #1: now that it's tax time,  should I (or can I) enter all these expenses and invoices from prior to my start date into Xero?
It would be really useful to have a total of unreconciled receipts/payments on the dashboard next to the bank account balance reconciliation.
I can see how to create and approve an employees timesheet, but my question is, can the employee fill out and submit the timesheet on a weekly basis and if so, how ?
CLUSTER 3308
How do I set my first VAT period to end on 31 May 2013, because it is currently showing VAT periods ending 3 months from 1 April 2013, which is wrong.
It would be a great idea, I believe, to make your this section of the website more visible and more easy to navigate to for people who are looking for Xero certified accountants.
Hi Team,The Xero Me app for Android and iOS is a simple and effective way for our employees to enter their timesheets and sync this information across to payroll for me to approve.
CLUSTER 3310
Or is there a better way to manage the two?Thanks,Paul
I have a customer security deposit that is sitting in current liabilities.
Finish registering the asset -> Error "This field can't be blank".
There is no one-off payment option.Can anyone help me with this?CheersLisaWA
CLUSTER 3312
Specially when the number of invoices are high, the search function sometimes doesn’t work properly.
Is it possible to prepare individual tax returns using a free trial account?
However trial is just in NZ initially and I am struggling to link to Xero, anyone any clues?
CLUSTER 3313
He pays for the goods before they arrive in Australia,How can we record the invoice in Xero so we can have an up to date bank reconciliation ANDrecord the items but not in the inventory account because the goods are on the shelf yet, AND then when the goods are in the store transfer into the inventory account.We also need the ability to amend the invoice re stock details once codes / product lines are known.
I am wondering what the best way to administer this is.Do you hold a master invoice for a company and list each invoice line by line (Issue is you seem to have to undo and redo payments as you make further payments on the account)OrLog each invoice individually which is causing reconciliation issues where a total balance has been cleared rather than specific invoices.Any suggestions gratefully received.
My question:How to apply a payment from the USD account to a bill, that was entered as AUD prior to conversion.Example:Total bill was USD 213Entered prior to conversion to XERO as AUD 280.14Paid prior to conversion from AUD Bank Account 140.17Balance AUD 139.97Now we are in XERO and we are using our USD bank account.
Need some accounting help here:Bought a 2nd hand Sales vehicle: 2011 modelPaid Cash: $30kACC: Motor vehicle ; TYPE: Fixed Asset : GST on ExpensesRecorded as Fixed Asset and depreciated over 4yrs @ 40%Problem: Shouldn't this show as a capital purchase in the BAS?BAS: Capital Purchases show as $0What have I done wrong?
I bought it for $205,000.The house was registered on the Fixed Assets register with the correct purchase date, amount and depreciation.I just tried the Sell wizard, but I can't figure it out.For "Account to debit for sale", I selected the house's fixed asset account.When reviewing the journal entry, it's asking for accounts for Capital Gain and a Gain On Disposal.
How do I clear this payrun line item as it accumulates on our accounts payable account and will never be cleared by a payment...For example:Payrun pre-tax deduction item - Childcare Voucher £100Invoice - Childcare Voucher provider £110Payment - Childcare Voucher invoice £110Accounts payable balance  £100Does this make sense?
It is an order.So I want to say CustomerX paid $250 and when I invoice it this payment/deposit will be applied to this or multiple invoices I might have at that time.When I try to do pre-payment it asks me to add line items and descriptions- this does not make sense, a payment should be, who paid, how much and on which date, why do I need to give line item details in a payment?
Hello,I am wondering if theres a way to speed up the process:I have 2 sources of payment from Worldpay, this is how they appear on the bank statements imported:Virtual Terminal appears: MV-96258073-DDMMCard machine appears: MV-96257503-DDMM(DDMM is the date of the transaction)I need to "transfer" these payments in order to reconcile.
Once an invoice has been approved and a payment put against that invoice it is not possible to make changes to that invoice, other than the accounts column.We need to be able to (fairly regularly) change the quantity column after an invoice has been approved due to clients changing their mind and adding more.Is there a way that this can be done without removing any part payments and/or redoing the whole invoice again?
I found it quite astounding that there is no ability to see a transaction listing which includes both the bank account AND COA on the same line.Having used quicken for many users for the preparation of my Quarterly BAS I just loved the way you could pull up your bank acct or credit and see rows of lines with date , description amount AND category (COA).
A drop down box or similar option to ; 'allocate credit note to invoices' as a) oldest to newest ( & visa versa)b) largest to smallest (& visa versa)Our credit notes are pulled through from Vend therefore we do not have an option to allocate them at the time of creation and are having to manually go back into each credit note & apply it to each of the individual small value purchases.
M/s Vector Capital (Pvt) Limited has four types of Receivables head of accounts, like: Foreign exchange Brokerage Receivable, Money Market Brokerage Receivable, Commodity Brokerage Receivable, Mutual Investment Commission Receivable, but Xero Software has only One Receivable now advice me that how i arrange remaining receivable,
I have a bank rule called "Friday entertainment" setup which splits the costs across entertainment accounts etc.The next Friday I go to a different bar (bar 'Y) as a one off treat.During reconciliation it would be helpful to assign the same rule to bar 'Y' that I had been using for bar 'X'.It would save time during the reconciliation process.Thanks
We are on a payments basis for GST so I do not entered bills before they are due unless its end of year.And it would be great if I could add the Reference (invoice) number in the area on the Bank Reconciliation instead of having to click "Add Details" just to put the invoice number in.Also, it would be good if we could opt for less dead space.
I am used to being able to hit 10 for the 10th of the month we are in, 1002 for the 10th Feb this year or 100217 for 10th Feb 17 this makes input much quicker and although Xero seems to be able to cope with 10 gives the 10th of the month we are in, if I hit 1002 (for the 10th Feb this year) it gives 1 FEB 1002 ??
HiIs there a way to include on an invoice docx template, the Sales Invoices Default Due Date days?I want to add a line to the bottom of the invoice stating "Payment terms are strictly xx days from invoice date" where xx is the number of days entered in Default Settings under Invoice Settings
Instead, what I want is a single transaction for $13.57, that is split into three payments.Other information:The amount (all three line items) will change every month due to currency fluctuationsI do not have this set up as a bill (but I am happy to).What I want:An easy way to create the split transaction that doesn't involve me manually calculating payments/totals etc.
That gives me a profit per item of $0.05 but I would like that multiplied out so it also gives me the $6.20 figure as total profit sold for that item for the period selected.So ultimately, I'm a little confused as to why Xero would just leave out what I see as an important column (total profit for the time period selected for that item).
newbie question to understand the basicsI imported an outstanding USD cost invoice  dated 15/1/15 when the exchange rate was 1.5200Am I correct thinking the way this is handled isa) the USD amount is converted to GBP using the rate on 15/1 as a p/l item in the cost account i.e.
I have been informed that one of the concerns with Xero is that if your laptop is lost/stolen it is possible for someone to see your Xero financials from your cached information.I was under the impression that one of the major benefits to a cloud solution was that you removed this risk.Can someone please inform me whether this is actually correct, and if so how easy is it for this information to be seen.Many Thanks.
My client has an arrangement with one of their employees who is on a salary that any additional hours worked over his agreed amount are to be added to his annual leave - so his salary agreement is for 35 hours - if he works 40 hours we are to add 5 hours to his annual leave.Does anyone know of a way we can record this - I don't want to just manually add the hours I would rather there be a record of it.
We've adjusted them in the system, so they have gotten their entitlements, but the problem is that they not have two AL fields on their payslip - the original that will remain at zero, and the new one which has LL paid out.Is there a way to stop the old leave type showing on the payslips (keeping in mind if we change the setting in Payroll settings to not show, this will effect all existing employees still under this method)?Thanks in advance!
We have moved one person and are hoping to move a few more from casual to full time and would like to give them those entitlements.Now I move that person over and was hoping that in the pay run it would show how much was occurred since the change however it hasn't.Can someone please show me what I need to do in order for that information to calculate and show up on the employees payslip?
I allocate all my expenses and receivables to a job number so I can do job P & L's.However, I have noticed that I can filter my COGS Direct Labour account by job but I cannot work out how to build job numbers into my payroll run.Is this just a filter for other COGS accounts that does not work on direct labour?Do I need an additional programme to get this to work?
This employee's tax rate jumps to almost double even though the full rate of tax was paid on the unscheduled pay run so on the next pay run the rate needs to stay the same, not double.I need to then make a manual adjustment to tax to make sure that they are not overpaying their tax.Is there anyway around this?
Although there is an After Tax Deduction category, there is no way to set up the maximums we are allowed to deduct (ie:  no more than 25% or 50% of net).5) When entering the payroll we will not be able to adjust the payroll taxes and we must be able to do this in order to exactly match the County's payroll register exactly.We may need to use our QuickBooks software to track the payroll.
Hi Have just completed registration and connection to NEST.For those attempting this, not that you will have to wait up to 24hours for the NEST-Xero link to complete and while it looks like some of the options are missing in the Pensions setup screen, these are then populated from you NEST account.Currently it all looks good....however.As Xero notes, it supports two types of pension schemes.
However, it seems HMRC were not notified of the termination via RTI (pay run date is 25th, he was terminated after).... so we now have 7 days to pay a &#163;5k bill, or update HMRC correctly via HMRC (in which case the bill is &#163;0).Problem is, in Xero, there is no way to send off RTI leaver notifications without any employees.
Hi - we need to explain definitively to our supreme leader how Xero arrives at this figure - currently we have no idea.Example:Employee name  AWE 57.255433ORP 44.885817AL due 64 hrsAL due @> AWE or OWP $3664.36HP due $7945.90Total liability $11903.40Here's hoping someone can explain!
Can anyone help for this?Xero can't show the opening and closing balance for all foreign currency at Account transaction or general ledger section.it is hard to reconcile with functional foreign currency with source data matched.If you can help for this, we are happy to pay your service.thanksJanetshow Opening and Closing balances for foreign currency amounts in the Account Transactions report.
You can also find it herewww.transfermateonline.comIf anyone has any questions I would be more than happy to assistbdowling@transfermate.comAlternatively register for the free addon and our team would be happy to help out.It ultimately allows clients using Xero to book and pay multiple foreign currency invoicesat once and cheaper and faster than using the bank tooBest regardsBarry
Client would like to move from MYOB to Xero.They are in the building industry - 100 projects on the go.They require:Job management Material monitoringthe ability for different users to enter purchase orders and monitor partial payments and maintain retention accountsI would like a solution like BuildLogic for Xero - do you have any suggestions?CheersHeather
Is there a status site I could be checking, that I don't know about?Everything I'm doing today I've done hundreds of times before, and none of it is especially complicated - yet Xero keeps chocking, gagging, refreshing, and generally pissing me off.I realize without a list of bugs I'm seeing this post is useless to you, but honestly there are so many it would take too long.
This means if there are any longer descriptionsit makes it impossible to look at the description as a whole and you are forced to click on and off the text box to review what you have written?it also shows the description box as a quite narrow column, making each line huge and unfriendly to work with as each line is only about 5 words wide?Is there a way I can customise this to my needs?
I am downright unhappy about the change in accounting terminology that was just released.The word "sale" has too many meanings to be useful in a professional accounting system.- Do I mean that I'm lowering the price to increase volume?- Do I mean that I have an AR invoice?- When I am looking at a customer, are you talking about an AR invoice?- When I am looking at a vendor, are you talking about an AP invoice?All of these could be correct.
CLUSTER 3316
From what I understand, the structure of the business determines how these personal funds are noted.
Any tips?ClubHub is an online registration and membership management system.
CLUSTER 3317
Hisorry if this has been asked,  I did search but couldn't find what I was looking for.How do I reconcile 2 bank lines that match one transaction in Xero (money received entry).ThanksPaula
we're doing testing and should receive about 5 emails between 3 different email addresses for invoices/receipts, and not one email has come through yet.how long should it take to send?
CLUSTER 3318
Not just accounting firms and accounts departments"Really don't understand how each roll out has features not requested, most useless or with minimal voting.
If so, what other add-ons are using, such as Rosterlive, AutumnCare; to provide a holistic financial management tool for the aged care provider?
CLUSTER 3319
Auto notification when expiry date is 1 month out.We are a small business with a number of vehicle/van drivers.
The staff are transferring to the new business as is their entitlements.To date their appears no way I can clone/copy a Xero file in this manner.
I have a customer who has a negative balance, and there is no easy way to post a check from them and have it available to allocate to an invoice as soon as it is posted.
Any tips?Integrates data between industry specific software and Xero - medical, hospitality, retail POS & optometry, check out .
CLUSTER 3320
In some industries recording a description of work done is in fact a legislative requirement, so this feature would remove the need to keep separate records outside of Xero.
Once they’ve already been downloaded into Xero after they either go a way or have been changed it takes a lot of work to figure out which Xero transactions are the ones that need to be removed or modified.This is a bug that should be fixed.
CLUSTER 3323
This would allow to create a single bank rule for one particular repeating transaction, whereas at the moment, to achieve certain results you must create several different rules.For example, I'd like to create a Bank Rule where supplier contains either "Daniel" OR "Craig" AND amount is greater than 1,000:Description contains "Daniel"ORDescription contains "Craig"ANDAmount is greater than 1,000This way, it doesn't matter if the person setting up a payment enters "Daniel Craig", "Mr Craig", "D. Craig" or even just "Daniel" in the description, as the bank rule will always pick it up.
Our business has begun to accept payments in Bitcoin, for example, and we have no way to add that to the currency list.We also transact in Argentine pesos and while you do have the Argentine peso listed as ARS on the currency list, the XE.com exchange rates are worse than useless because it is based on the official government exchange rate instead of the "street" rate, which is the rate at which small & mid-size businesses can purchase and sell dollars in Argentina.So I would like the option to add a new currency for the peso so I can enter the exchange rates manually.
CLUSTER 3324
A couple of suggestionsIs there a way to edit what is included in the front page of the Report Packs to include, for example, the ABN?To be able to sort the Profit and Loss and Balance sheet layout by account code instead of account name?
Good day,I can't find documentation on this, so am currently assuming this isn't possible, but can you please confirm if there's a way to create / modify docx templates making use of Google Docs as alternative to MS Word?Regards,Rayno
If your business or you have employees that are located outside of these states payroll in Xero is not suitable for you at this time.If you're not able to use our Payroll, we highly recommend  these are partners that integrate with Xero to ensure your accounting system and payroll system talk the same language seamlessly.
CLUSTER 3325
We would keep paper/spreadsheet records for the first quarter and then switch over to Xero for the remainder.
What is the quickest way to apply this when reconciling, assuming the $25 difference has to go to an expense code?
I would like to suggest the "Quantity on Order" section of the item details page be a link.
Has anyone managed to find a work around for pre-tax deductions in payroll?
CLUSTER 3327
I'm going to use my Xero charge as an example.Each month I am charged $30 from Xero but I now need to pay Use Tax on that.
How well does xero fit a self managed super fund where most investments are ASX listed and such things as investment performance reports are needed?
Our Xero bookkeeping services are generally requested and offered as follows: Our bookkeepers can do everything for you so you don’t need to anything book work related.
CLUSTER 3328
Is there any way of separately showing net profit BEFORE tax (and having the Corporation Tax expense sitting between net profit BEFORE tax and net profit AFTER tax?
If my staging date is two years hence, shouldn't Xero give me that much time to complete the forms, perhaps remind me in a year or so?
CLUSTER 3330
An option of the reducing balance to have a useful life for the asset as well as a rate of depreciation so that in the last year of the assets useful life, the remaining value of the asset is accounted for minus (if given) a residual value.
Hi guys!I have a New Zealand Invoice (I am in Australia) that I have just paid via Forex (so in AUD into a Forex bank account here in Australia).How on earth do I enter that into Xero?Any advice would be appreciated!
CLUSTER 3331
I've just spent the last 20 minutes Googling and clicking all over Xero trying to find out how to preview an invoice.
I am really hoping that there is an add-on which can facilitate this as Xero does not currently appear to have intercompany  capability.Thanks.Sarah
CLUSTER 3332
On the contact supplier and customer section when clicking into a certain contact we should be able to choose a date range before all the invoices load.
https://community.xero.com/business/discussion/464732364: Remove and redo the payment on the reconciled bill.
Am I wrong in thinking that the only way to change a statement line is to delete it, edit it in a CSV then import the corrected line?
CLUSTER 3333
2.9% plus $0.30 per ACH transactions is exorbitant.
To say I am frustrated with a cheerful email response of them being aware of the issue and it being worked on is an understatement.
I am not even sure how many invoices and past due invoices are affected this way.
CLUSTER 3335
I can use the  tab to get the expenditure without the budget, or I can use the  tab to create a report for 1,2,3 or 12 months.
Automatically enter whatever is left to allocate, and allow you to amend that amount if it is wrong Please match on name as well as amount...
Hi could you please guide me how to hide or delete last financial year bank transaction which have come through bank feeds.
Any tips?Payoneer is a safe, simple and cost-effective way for businesses and professionals to get paid from international clients.
I have picked Xero as my accounts package, Shopify as my online solution and i am wondering if i can run my business on just that or if i need a inventory app also.
CLUSTER 3336
Please advise if this requires the implementation of additional functionality or if I should undertake this reconciliation using a different process?Many Thanks / Dan
Hi there,We are currently using Xero and freshbooks, we want to only use  Xero .How do we transfer the current invoices in our xero accountsThanks for your help
Previously I have been able to click on the Holiday balance amount and this open a window where you can amend said values.Today I can't click it, nothing happens.
CLUSTER 3337
I'm not sure what to enter.I read everything I could online both from Xero's help docs and other websites.
I would hope this will be included in the App very soon so you can quote on the run and turn quotes into invoices?
Hi,Is there any way we can send a reminder for employees to enter their time sheet?Thanks,Hayato
How can I go back and create a payslip and pay record when program does no give me the option of that date?
I have tried to customise a P&L report, but it still doesn't show wages.Can anyone help me?
If you are a user of Xero and Simplepay.co.za, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3340
From the numerous posts on Xero forums I still can't find clarity.
We accountants use so many words for the same thing, it can be confusing to the layman.
When is Xero doing bank feeds for AMEX NZ credit cards
I need to split my accounts payable up into 2 different categories.
CLUSTER 3341
Or, should I assign the credit/prepayment directly to Sales?I hope this makes sense.
Hello,I need to invoice a refundable bond (which will be held for a couple of years).
Any tips?Scheduling & time clock software designed for hourly employees.
CLUSTER 3344
the whole day's transactions from April 30 (the previous day) are missing from Xero.
How do I move it from Holding Stock to Sale Purchases as a cost against the right sales invoice?
Xero's community is growing and I am sure that the other members will be interested in such opportunities, too.Best,Lily
If you are a user of Xero and Carry The One, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3345
How do I go about removing 'pay your bill online' from the email link which is sent automatically when sending out invoices.
Hi Everyone,We are an event based business that only had sub contractors (Checked out the ATO rules and no, they are not employees!)
I have been waiting for a urgent response since Monday, why is no one responding and why is there no contact number to call and discuss?
CLUSTER 3346
This report is useful for senior management who don't need to see every single account
The tutorial should show how to add and delete fields, move fields, etc., etc.
CLUSTER 3347
I would like to track taxes that are payable on sales by the Seller, i.e.
What is the simplest way to differentiate these things as being a different code when I enter them in Xero?
This is particularly useful for contractors that are required to deduct withholding tax on their invoices.
Has anyone got a workaround as this is going to take me additional time each month.
Shouldn't it simply show the % all the way through on payslip?Can anyone advise what I am doing wrong please?
CLUSTER 3348
That way Excel can make all the heavy lifting of calculating and I will only have to set very specific information.I'm asking for this feature, so I can give my clients an excel document, where they can input the data and import it to xero...I hope you get what I'm trying to say here....
Is there a better way to categorize my owners draw, or is there a journal entry I should make to reset the "owners draw account", and adjust the retained earnings account since the money has been taken out of the business?Thanks,Kevin
CLUSTER 3349
I need to refer to my Xero organization by email.
How does Xero treat the profit splits for a partnership?
Any tips?An intelligent expense reporting bot.
CLUSTER 3350
Of course, cost, ease of use in the app are necessary....  ;)
Keeping 'multiple items' for multiple contacts is okay.
CLUSTER 3352
How does Xero handle old invoices i add into the system after i have submitted that quarters VAT return?
It would be really helpful to be able to see the split between gross and VAT on the invoices table.
CLUSTER 3358
I need to know from scratch how to do a pay slip please.
With over 40/50 invoices each day, this is time consuming.
Obviously if there is not fix i will just have to have long references!Thanks in advance
CLUSTER 3361
Can I enter conversion balances by tracking category or do I need to go back and make adjustments to each account and how do I do this?
My problem is that when I upload a new trial balance there still seems to be data in Xero from the previous client.
Please contact me directly at m.milligan@dccnet.com as this is of some urgency.Thanks very much for any help.Moira
CLUSTER 3362
Now we have to reclass the entry after each Pay Run to show the Loan Account being paid off.
So I have a &#163;9.00 discrepancy when reconciling thereafter.Help anyone??
CLUSTER 3363
I would really love the ability to create our own report codes for use in the report templates.
These payments are Salary sacrifice with the intention of reducing Gross wages value and should be included into the W!
CLUSTER 3364
I would like to track how many individual visits I make every year and how many shoots I do for video throughout the year, so I can get an estimated cost of insurance for each list to figure out my COGS.
also, if a mistake is made on mental calculation of VAT, then it can be a very tedious, time-consuming task to figure out which line caused the problem.surely, there's a better way?thanks in advance.
CLUSTER 3365
Did anyone happen to meet these kind of situation?
Car is purchased and is entered as a fixed asset2.
CLUSTER 3366
we call our customer once a month for the jobs we do, and this would be a great feature to have!
Each apprentice year is paid a different travel allowance rate.
CLUSTER 3367
At present, all data is imported without exception.
How should I enter next Friday, Monday etc?
CLUSTER 3368
These should be included in the data smart lists generate.
Can anyone advise how to post such a transaction in Xero.
I have read a couple of the "Tell us how we are doing" posts.
CLUSTER 3369
So we know how we are getting the totals etc.And I do need to include that sales commission as a cost for me somewhere.How do I do this?
My boss needs to approve all the credit notes I create, however when he's working remotely, he can't do it on the Xero App.
Hi there.We've got an issue with the leave request where I and some others are not able to choose who authorises our leave requests.
No hours or hourly rate are associated with the Directors' fees - just a plain annual $ figure, e.g.
CLUSTER 3370
Is it possible to attach a Bank Statement (PDF) to an account at the end of the month/quarter after reconciling?
Is there anyway we can open a "local" version which  means changes can be updated directly without having to resave?
Have a client who is a naturopath - needs Inventory control and CRM that includes a diary/appointments feature.
CLUSTER 3372
Xero - when are we going to be able to advise employers what they will need to do.
Just wondering if anyone has tried integrating Ostendo into Xero.
CLUSTER 3373
I also have PayPal as a bank feed in Xero.So we basically have 6 different streams of income landing in our bank account and seldom if ever (paypal excepted) have a clean line on our statement that can be easily reconciled to a matching sales order.I doubt that I'm the only person in the world with this issue - though a cursory Xero search didn't really dig up what I was after.My question is - what is the best and most convenient for reconciling this fruit salad of payments?
GST $1,970.33 (50% GST to be claimed based on business use).-	DR$650 GST free-	Depreciation is based on 8 years for new carsLiability account: Chattel Mortgage Principal-	CR$22,325 GST free-	DR $7,000 Trade-in/ CR Directors loan GST free (is this the right way to account for trade in value since it was personally owned?
Firstly, here are the codes that are being put into the conversion balances which are causing me a headache: http://i.imgur.com/7wjwdLY.pngHere are the codes showing in the FAR causing unwanted differences:http://i.imgur.com/dlhtElS.pngCan anyone please explain as to why these codes are coming through (accumulated depreciation codes as per the photos always appear regardless of client, and in this case, the accumulated depreciation amount of $1824 is then coming through as a purchase code?
Hi, I sell hampers and would like some help!I buy Jams for example and add them as a purchase to inventory as 30 jars of jamsI then sell a hamper that has 2 Jams inI then invoice for said hamperWhat I would like is, that when I sell and invoice for said hamper it to remove the 2 jams from my inventory, How do I set this up in xero?I hope that makes sense any help would be great, Thank you
When the reconcile screen auto-matches a bank debit to a previously entered Spend Money, it shows the green 'Match' tab with the amount, date and description.Is there any way to see what expense account the matched Spend Money was coded against?The only way I have found is to click "Find & Match", locate the auto-matched item (in the 2. section), click the link on the description, and then look on that Spend Money detail view.
See Reckon/QuickBooks shortcut keystrokesThere appears to be too many mouse stroke entries - instead of pressing "save", have the "enter key" as the "save button"Dates - you should be able to enter 050614 and 05.06.14 and it should automatically enter 05/06/14then the cursor should be waiting in the next box for entry - or tab to the next box - it takes too much time to get the mouse and click in each area.
Contacts and Invoices should be able to have definable fields which should also be able to be displayed on the invoices.These fields should also be searchable.Every business has their own unique information and for them to create their own fields means that a lot of the feature requests such as: Customer codes, Purchase Order Numbers, and many others, could be self defined.Also, since the fields themselves don't interact with the accounting side of the application, they shouldn't interfere with anything and should be able to be done rather quickly by the developers....Skeeve
It would be great if there was a tabular editing option for certain fields so you could quickly zip down the list to make the changes.For example, if we want to setup Groups and assign each employees to a Group, or if we want to change the assignment of employees to a different pay calendar.we need to edit each employee one by one, which is quite time consuming and frustrating.Being able to edit those in tabular format would be great.
Hi,We are currently transitioning from Kashflow to Xero mid-year as our Y/E is the 31st March 2016.The conversion balance date is set at 31st Jan 2016 but the data that gets imported is only what makes up the conversion total.Is there a way to import the historical data for the past financial year (01/04/2015 - 31/03/2016) or will the conversion balance date have to be changed?Thanks
Does Xero follow the normal balances of accounts (normal debit balance for assets, withdrawals, expenses, and a normal credit balance for liabilities, capital, and revenues)?So if I have a prepaid insurance account at $1200 at the start of the fiscal year, and one month passes, and I want to use a manual journal entry (I know that isn't how I would normally do it) to move the dollars from prepaid insurance to insurance expense, which would be the debit and which would be the credit?
Hi there,I'm a freelance copywriter, and for a lot of jobs I charge by the hour (in 15-minute increments).So for me, the unit price is my hourly rate, and the quantity is how many hours and minutes I spent on the job.Can I edit the invoice template and change the way the Quantity field is formatted so it displays "3 hours 45 minutes" instead of "3.75 hours"?I know it doesn't make a scrap of difference for the calculation, but it would look much nicer for the client.Bill.
Hello,We have noticed that Xero does not calculate Payroll Tax and therefore we need to calculate this manually (hurry up xero), however Leave Loading is not included in Payroll Tax though Leave Loading is included into the Annual Leave rate making this extremely difficult to calculate Payroll Tax.Any Australian users out there have any suggestions on how they calculate payroll tax monthly, and/or if there is a way to separate Leave Loading from Annual Leave (as not all our employees receive leave loading).Thanks
Does anyone know how I can make this work in the used car trade where we only pay tax on the margin?I want to linkup everything inc bank accounts, car deposits, money coming in from the finance company per car, warranties, car tax etcI haven't even started figuring out how to use Xero, unless I can get a motor trade app that works for us,  so any help would be appreciated!Leonie
I have sent at least four emails since Sunday night regarding the reactivation of a cancelled Xero subscription.The first response that I received was over the 24 hour turnaround the automated email promised and then the response was to say sorry you want to cancel the subscription, find out who your subscriber is and then here is the link so you can cancel the subscription.Considering that the business owner is waiting for the reactivation so he can process his employee's wages this was really disappointing and annoying.
CLUSTER 3374
This is because my occupation requires purchasing outright, or subscribing to, software that charges me in USD or GBP.
Currently you need to go into each transaction and mark as reconciled which takes a lot of time.
CLUSTER 3375
I have recently setup Xero and notice there is a Tax Payable liability account.
Shall I enter it as  a Customer Invoice or Batch Invoice?Please advise
hello,is it possible to bulk reconcile or cash code paypal transactions?
But we pay twice per month.So 76 employees or 154 payments?
CLUSTER 3376
request a report of all quotes (or by selected status) that can be exported to ExcelOR open Quotes to the API so they can be retreived directlymain requirement is to help tracking what value of a quote has been invoiced (clients will invoice in multiple chunks of the total quote) - they use the Ref field to match the Client PO # on AR invoices and the original Quotes so we can report on remaining value of quotes still to be invoiced
Hi,I have a small accounting practice, i use xero for bookeeping and taxcalc for returns and accounts etc.I have looked at numerous softwares but cant find the perfect software that would do all of the following:CRM - for standard letters and emails etc, client history etcSomewhere to log all client information such as UTR, PAYE and office references etcWork flow - deadlines, allocations etcTime sheets entry - to track time on clients to then calculate bills.Ideally something which all intergrates with Xero would be perfect.
CLUSTER 3378
It would be good if on the list of overdue invoices, we could see the time the customer usually pays in, on the same overdue invoice list, instead of having to go to the account to get the info.
I have looked at a timesheet integration option and we can create our invoices in the external timesheet system and it will track wages and invoices, I can't see that we can add any expenses to allow those to be tracked also.Thanks
I am in need of a inventory add on that could cope with two factories (so ability to create items from fabric, haberdashery purchases), 3 warehouses, wholesale sales physical, retail sales via website.
I've always been leery about companies that depend firstly on making the investors happy rather than their customers.Keep up the good work and continue pushing the advancements of your iOS app.
CLUSTER 3380
This should also be available in the quoting section so we can add relevant documents at the same time, rather sending them separately.
I want my accounting software to manage all of my costs in one place.The question is how do I assign costs to a job?
Any tips?Forecast and manage cash flow, get paid faster and find commercial invoice finance.
CLUSTER 3383
A central hub would be much better.Can anyone suggest something please?
In Xero, I can only get the accounts to show what I want, however the accounts are in Alphabetical order.
When I do this on the employee screen it just opens the employee record in the current tab and not a new one.
Does anyone use any specific add-ons that increase productivity while coding transactions?
CLUSTER 3385
There should be be a simple drop down box with your email selection
Please can you add the ability to barcode an invoice.
Anyone agree, or got an easier way?
CLUSTER 3386
Any chance of setting up a live feed with CFC Stanbic in Kenya?
This means the person entering the payable bill should not be allowed to approve it.
The Payment Advise is a possible tear off section, so the currency should really be in there.
CLUSTER 3387
or are xero about to release this fairly basic accounting report that is required for proper trust accounting?
I am trying to include the add back from the partial exemption calculation so that it shows on the VAT return.
We are currently using 8 Xero licenses, accounting in different countries, including the UK.
CLUSTER 3389
How can I export the Fixed Assets-registered list so I can see the key fields(such as asset name, asset number , serial number)  in an excel document ?
$450 - I change this $1200 and then can advance to posting the pay run.Is there any way of changing this permanently so I don't have to manually change it every week?
CLUSTER 3390
i can however see how it would also be useful if you had credit controllers who look after different departments.
As it stands now, If someone clicks through on the PayPal button, there's no ability to add the credit card charge.
Does anyone know a Xero add-on which they can use to track attendance and then raise monthly invoices?
I've gotten complaints from several customers that the invoices we sent out are missing the green "Pay Now" button.
CLUSTER 3391
Do you have any advice on the best way to go about that?Is there a way for me to either temporarily change the contact information for this client and their invoices (which I can change back if, for instance, I get audited)?
One feature I noticed in QBO invoicing is that the Pay Now button can include bank accounts, while the video I watched on QBO showed only credit cards and pay pal.
We do realise that some of our community groups require a more comprehensive finance package than the one we provide (although ours is pretty good 😏 ) so we have built a 2-way synchronisation with Xero.
CLUSTER 3395
What is the best way of doing this as we're not going to be paying the mileage expense as it's been covered by the fuel receipts?Apologies for all the questions.Many thanksGemma
Ideally I would like to move all of my clients to Xero and have a single platform but the current entry method for checks is too slow to do so.
CLUSTER 3401
How do I save the final GST report, hence locking the transactions that have been recorded for that period?Many thanks in advance.
For a business doing around $500k in sales a year, what would be the typical amount of time a bookkeeper should spend doing the books?
As this footer does not go on the declarations and other pages just the P&L and Balance sheet and notes to financial statements should have this footer.
CLUSTER 3403
How can I assign that check to the bill to show it paid without having to delete the check?
Could you please advise which account I should be applying this bond to, should it be Assets/prepayment?
CLUSTER 3405
This will then allow you to have a number of how many customers you are growing by or decreasing by each month.Please add button in contact , and also allow me to export a report , so i could run a report each month .
As it stands, I'm paying the bill using owner's draw, and then making a journal entry to slide that amount over to owner's equity.Is there a better/more-standard way of doing this?Thanks!
CLUSTER 3408
The alternate code would be used by businesses whose inventory item codes are different to what their suppliers use like ours.
We've noticed when looking at past bank statements in Xero that there are almost always lines which are greyed out/deleted, often at the top of each statement.
I realise you can probably run a report to get this information however having it listed next to the leave applied for on the same screen was very useful.
I am running xero for 2 branches of the same company, so need to be able to allocate staff to the branch/s they worked at.Any help would be great!
CLUSTER 3412
Just wondering whether anyone has tips on how to recognise the following entries in Xero.Process steps1.
Can anyone advise what tax code I use when setting up my chart of accounts for a Rental Bond?
I need to change this as one that has been assesed as non-eligible is acutally eligible as shes on maternity.
If you are a user of Xero and AutoTask by My Accounting Toolbox, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3413
In the chart of accounts that Xero generates there is one called "Owner a Share capital".
When producing published reports for clients is it possible to put their (the clients) logo onto them.
Hi How i can see payroll I created and posted show in bank statement, thanks
I am keen for individual managers to be self sufficient so can anyone help with an solution.CheersCate
CLUSTER 3418
Or, should I add a line to the invoice deducting -.55 and coding it to the 'Rounding Account' in liabilities making the invoice match what was recorded on paper, recording the invoice and amount I paid correct.3.
HiI sell used cars and I would like to know how much a car owes me.Is there any way i can put a car reg somewhere when entering bills so that i can see at a glance how much a vehicle has cost.
CLUSTER 3419
I'd be grateful for any assistance.Many thanksMartin Jones
Could this be added to Draft Manual Journals?
CLUSTER 3421
Meanwhile creating a statement line for the same amount of money which is reconciled as "Owner A Drawings".Problem is I cannot find a way to do this.
Found Xero and absolutely love the interface and functionality however can't figure out how to make the earnings work on the payroll.
CLUSTER 3422
With a lot of things recently released, and more in the pipeline, it has meant our teams are pretty busy!
If you are a user of Xero and Vega.Works, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Nucleus Logic, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Fleetmatics WORK, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3425
So I am just starting off with xero and I am a little confused..We have a business cc with 2 users (myself and partner).The way this is listed on BofA is 3 separate accounts.Account A - Global account.
When editing the layout of the (new) income statement (for instance at https://go.xero.com/Reporting/Report/EditLayout/####### ) all archived accounts are shown.
This would enable the user to quickly identify bills that have not been billed to customers without the need to generate a report or go into the detailed view for each billable expense.
CLUSTER 3426
Greetings.to the Xero Partner CommunityI am the CEO of a US firm that has been a Xero Accounting Partner for a bit under a month..so far, so good we are a Silver Partner.
Cant talk for accountants.........they dont use our type of reports or reconciliation reports.We require / well i require a report - PER CUSTOMER OR SUPPLIER.
CLUSTER 3427
How many new members ,  how many closed account thanks Sarah    Kind regardsSarah
I have approached Xero about this and they said "it's functioning as it should be and there are no plans to change it" and that I should tell my staff which accounts to use.
Is there another category that I should use to label this withdrawal from paypal to my bak account (transaction (b) )?
Any tips?Vinosmith is a complete platform for Wine Distributors to manage their operations and sales force.
CLUSTER 3428
Anyway, if anyone has some helpful advice that would be great.
Here's one I  am pretty darned sure I already entered.
It is really time consuming to upload multiple expenses.
CLUSTER 3430
If i enter all my expenses is there a way  that i can see how much each job is costing separately if there is more than one project running at any one time.
Make expiry dates mandatory using the FEFO costing method and ensure that the oldest items are picked first.
CLUSTER 3431
So I'm wondering when I set up an invoice to send to retailers should I put in the account column "01 - wholesale" or "200 - Sales"?Thank you,Dan
It would be helpful to be able to use the "Display Name" on email templates, invoice reminders, and the actual invoice itself.Thanks!
I have to manually edit the report by adding in the credit notes and deducting their value to show how much the client needs to now pay that supplier.
CLUSTER 3432
I'm not quite sure what I would put for Legal Name of Businesses or for the SSN/EIN?
Leave that has been applied for or approved should appear on the relevant timesheet when employees are completing the Timesheet.
I understand the numbers that I have been given and how to calculate it, my issue is how do I manage it in Xero and on my payslips.1.
CLUSTER 3433
I'd like for you to fix the date formatting as per time zone.I'm in Australia and therefore would like the date to come up as dd/mm/yyyy when I manually type this in.
(without "printing" each invoice individually - as there are potentially upwards of 100 invoices to print, hence the need for a batching solution).Many thanks in advance,Jon
A really useful feature for Xero would be to be able to add new inventory items at the point of creating a purchase order or entering a supplier invoice.
CLUSTER 3435
Sometimes this incurs a charge of &#163;1.75.How do I account for this on Xero please?ThanksKelly
So a $100 sale item with 5% tax will show an amount due from the customer of $105.
Further, it appears that the payroll taxes withdrawals from our bank account should be reconciled to the Accounts Payable account.
If you have any particular currency requirements please do let me know so we can make sure they are on our development roadmap.
CLUSTER 3438
We can see the first two here are the same entry and they occurred on the same date.
I was wondering if there is any way to track the remaining balance of the PO.
Hi We are UK based Xero Gold partners.
How are folks handling money spent & Sales tax?
As for now, it is only possible to create Bank Rules where ALL or ANY of the arguments are TRUE.
Any tips?Australia's premier online payroll service.
CLUSTER 3439
We need some sort of way of tracking our employees (clocking on & off) that is compatible with Xero and easy to use.
Can you please help to run the trial payroll on Xero without submitting the RTI Details.
CLUSTER 3440
In Sage I can simply create a £0.00 receipt or payment on the relevant account and allocate all of the contra entries to it.
This would be a logical feature to have, since all the other liabilities for taxes are automatically created as bills with specific due dates.
Most businesses will not bank the balance of the cash (and cheques) daily so I can’t see how an element of control could be applied to the entries.
CLUSTER 3441
Is there a way I can track when these sessions are used and how many are remaining with Xero?
Similar to the notes that appear for Invoices/Bills to show who has approved.
The only way I can do it is to put through the hours worked at category 1 first.
CLUSTER 3443
HiI would like all the working hyperlinks within Xero to be a different colour to everything else - when looking for further information its impossible to know whether to click on the date, the detail or the value when wanting to drill down into the detail - lots of fruitless clicking on links that aren't links!Please colour it up a bit :-)Thanks
Hi Support,Can we use payroll cals tax in Thailand?For all fuction great exepted payroll features still need to do by manual then key in net pay in Xero only.Could you development for using payroll full function in Thailand?Thank you,Cerrawan T.
Looking online on your community chats, I can see we are not the only ones having this issue and in fact this issue was raised in Feb 2012 … 4 years and 11 months ago and it still has not been fixed.The issue is that there is no way to edit the inventory amounts or inventory items on an invoice once the invoice has been either paid or partially paid.
CLUSTER 3444
I could keep it separate and not account for it at all - but that isn't how HMRC will deal with my income and tax.
I can't find a way to allocate all of the payment to only one invoice line item.
Is there an add-on that the client could use that would automate this process in any way?
CLUSTER 3445
A lot of duplicates I am seeing in this view is where duplicate contacts have been merged.
As we always deduct the amount for batch of invoices from prepayment, how should I record it?
Does anyone know how to cancel a bank transaction feed to Xero?
CLUSTER 3447
Is it possible to change the Rate Type in a Pay Item from 'Fixed Rate' to 'Rate per Unit'?
If you are a user of Xero and ConnectWise PSA By Wise-sync, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3449
I am more concern on the A/R type and need to track the outstanding balance one per bank.
Is it possible to get the contact address field added into the Aged Receivable Detail report?
Due to 9 month filing deadlines the last CT600s can be submited one year out from now.
CLUSTER 3452
There are almost 100,000 agents across the country - more than any bank anywhere can ever dream of.Tanzania numbers are similar.
So in the Manage Transactions window, alongside the remove and redo, there should be a reconcile all ticked transactions as an option.What do you think.CheersBeda Grey
I was very clear in providing as much technical information as I could to help out the Xero support team in identifying the problem on their end.
CLUSTER 3453
Basically, the way the invoice reads now- the item code and the name of the item are in the same column, and the next column is the description.
Xero should track that the report has already been filed and instead display a message to that effect (e.g.
Xero pulled over 15 charges from MasterCard last week that are duplicates from charges already in the system.
Or if its not possible without the subscription how do i manually enter it as I would like it to appear on the pay slip the amount that is accrued.
CLUSTER 3454
This should be part of the custom notifications we can set up in HQ.
Also any reason why you can't pick actual by month?
But Xero is still not picking him up as eligible for autoenrolment.
CLUSTER 3455
Just wondering what I can do (and how to do it) to get xero to match my bank account total (with the exception of transactions not yet imported by the feeds.
The bill generated in Xero is for the net total of the employees and appears on the right hand side of the reconciling screen.
CLUSTER 3456
Meaning if I mark a PayPal credit as a sale what should I mark the transfers into my bank account?
Currently you can only authorise one at a time - frustrating when you need to approve them all in one go.
I hope I made clear my point, it is a bit hard to explain this suggestion :)Regards
Can anyone suggest an add-on (or two) that would be simple but meet our needs please?
CLUSTER 3458
consultancy business with aproximately 40 consultants?They wouldn't need access to any financial data it is just to seek reassurance that it works for that business.Many thanks in advance
I can understand doing it on Excel but, take Xero for instance, what if I am doing AR, AP, Recons, and maybe even tax or payroll for 5 or 7 companies?
It would be really useful to have a signature setting for emails within Xero - the ability to set a number of signatures so you can choose at the point of emailing an invoice.
It would also solve the display problem where the pdf of the invoice always opens on top of the space where you are entering the purchase information into Xero.
Or alternately, I would "spend money" and pay these amounts due by selecting them and creating a check.Beats me...must be an different Australian way of thinking.
How does this happen and how would you suggest I rectify bearing in mind the SGC super is calculated by the system and I cannot use a fixed rate to solve?
CLUSTER 3459
Also separate GST returns in New Zealand.How can Xero show separate accounts from the one bank statement and can Xero do 2 different GST returns for each?Linda MonksAccountant
I am currently looking for a quicker and more accurate way to report my super contributions.We currently use CBUS clearing account however the CSV file they require every month is not downloadable from Xero.
At any time they could be working on 2 to 3 building sites(homes & commercial).Any shared experiences would be greatly appreciated.Haidee KritzingerStrettons - Taupohaidee.kritzinger@strettons.co.nz07 376 1724
CLUSTER 3461
It would mean selecting a bank under false pretenses (since it's not really a bank) but this won't be a problem because you won't need a live feed.Anyone tried this with success?
Hi,Hoping someone has done this before and can help.Basically I am struggling to setup the right way to store all the info so i can reconcile correctly.1.
Any tips?Clinic to Cloud is a fully featured practice and clinical management solution that is entirely cloud based and is seamlessly integrated with Xero.
CLUSTER 3463
How do I split the expense in the case where my wife buys petrol on her personal bank card or I pay cash?I've read on the forum that I can set up the drawings account and use that to keep track, however I don't know how to split the petrol bill from an accounting perspective.Thank you all for your help!Cheers
So for my current state, it would look like:1 Draft invoice 0.0011 Unpaid invoices 383.00 4 Overdue 124.0014 Overpayments (1333.00)This would make the desktop app info match the mobile app info.
That way if my customer is viewing the PDF version on their computer, they'll see a line that says, "To accept, decline or comment on this quote click here: [Online Quote Link]"The easiest way I can see this happening is if the "Terms" section for the quote was able to process the [Online Quote Link] merge tag.
CLUSTER 3464
I believe the columns are mapped incorrectly so I just wondered if anyone could give me a list of how they have mapped there columns for this please?Thanks in advance.Kelly
This would be good for getting a much quicker snap shot of all the formula/indicators I've set up--instead of having to scroll down the long list of accounts.
I need to view VAT returns going back 12 months, but only appear to be able to go back to January 2013.
CLUSTER 3465
Is there any way that the clients email address can be logged as the person accepting the quote or making the comment.
Somewhere in between the options that are currently available when adding a new user, there any many things to consider.
This is a gross oversight on user permissions and there needs to be more flexibility of what staff can access and what they can't - not just a blanket 'all for one'.
CLUSTER 3467
I am using Xero to help a friend who is running a motel in New Zealand.
Am I over-complicating this?Many thanks in advance for any help / advice that anyone can offer!
"Enter invoices sent on or before Jan 1, 2017 that have not been fully paid."
Any tips?Build integrated Excel financial models directly from Xero.
CLUSTER 3469
When a client click on an invoice and they see the current invoice that was sent to them, why make them register to see their previous invoices.We had clients complain about that why can't they just see all of their previous invoices?This is possible and can be easily done, we use Harvest.com which is a time tracking system and we usually invoice clients from there and in Harvest the client can just click on a button in the online invoice they are viewing and they will be taken to their account which shows all of their previous invoices.I wish that you can remove the mandatory registering for customers.
We're aware that we can do this manually however there's something like 50,000 orders each with different VAT codes because we do a lot of overseas trades and to be honest it's a bit of a daunting task.So our question is, can these be imported straight from our database in the same way that current orders are or is the ability to export data to Xero in this way limited only to future orders and not historical ones?Thanks for any help that can be offered.Cheers.
CLUSTER 3470
So I used my personal bank account - not an ideal situation as I had personal transactions mixed with business.
It appears that these payments, and any payments posted to asset/liability accounts, are not calculated in the 1099 Report.
I would be helpful for all repeating invoices to automatically roll over to the next month without manually having to do it.
Secondly - our casual staff are paid from different bank accounts - is this possible on xero payroll?
CLUSTER 3471
Hi Xero Team,I found that GL Exceptions not agreed with GL Summary.Could you please let me know how to fixed it?Thanks,Lek
Or is there a programmatic way that I can limit the api's access to certain clients/invoices (I'm guessing that may be a question for another section of the forum)?Any help appreciated.
Any tips?Connect Xero to hundreds of the best in breed SaaS applications on the web - drag and drop to create integrations between your favourite applications, check out .
I also do not like that I cannot put customer payments to a undeposited funds account and then combine so that the deposits on the bank register match the bank statement.
A direct link to that report (say, clicking on the otherwise useless financial activity graph) from the Contact detail page would be amazingly helpful.
CLUSTER 3472
statement balance shows a negative even though when I log in and check PayPal it shows a plus also how do I reconcile payments that pass through PayPal from my bank.
They do silly things like insist on reporting fair value measures of assets in spite of the fact that none of the assets are measured at fair values.
There is currently no general ledger report that you can export in a suitable format to create such reports.Please Xero - give us a new report that we can use for analysis
I would like to see unique receipt numbers which I can enter onto the paper copies of receipts submitted with expense claims so that I can track back from files to claims.
CLUSTER 3474
Sorry if this is a dumb question but I don't know much about accounting.TIA
I am guessing it is something many people would like to use
London is one of the world’s most dynamic and international business centres.
CLUSTER 3477
And if so, how can I transfer all the history of statements and transactions over to it from the old account?
This is how Quickbooks does it, and it is much better for sales tax reporting.
i emailed help and recieved no help on my question or solution.
CLUSTER 3478
When I draw up the statement on to my Xero screen, it shows the full reference field in which I place the address for invoice matching.
Now I've realised that I should do a blank entry for stock on hand and seperate line items for manufacturing and packaging costs.How the hell do I fix all this?
It seems redundant to have to manually create one, considering the numbers lodged with the ATO should have come from the published report.
However for the sake of my sanity i would be happy to re-key some data into a stand alone system.Look forward to your advice!
I don't understand why this didn't happen in Xero.Can someone please explain why Xero doesn't work this way, and how I can detect those duplicate transactions if it happens again?
CLUSTER 3479
Can someone please advise me where/how i should log this?Thanks in advance
I am wondering how to code the tax paid on my Salary amounts.
On the First Monday of the Month every "X" months3.
Any tips?Seamlessly exchange invoices with your customers and suppliers.
CLUSTER 3480
Would it be possible to display a 'Current issues' (or similar) message when you are resolving  problems on the site.
I think the latest updates are good, I love the larger fields when entering Sales Invoices.
It would be helpful if we could add a note for an invoice separate to the payment date please.
Surely the email reminder should look for the balance due in the invoice and refer to this in the email reminder?
They are not a part of wages or salaries so I cannot select an earnings type from the payroll settings that will work.
CLUSTER 3481
I am more than happy for anyone considering these services to contact me to discuss my experience.
Is there any way to get the reference on a customised invoice to be on multiple lines?
CLUSTER 3482
We often use the "planned date" function to organise outgoing payments, especially for payment in different currencies.It would be very useful to have the "planned date" field also in the payment reconciliation dialog.Hence, it would allow to easily sort invoices by planned date when reconciling payments.This is particularly helpful when reconciling payments for foreign currency invoices which cannot be paid as "batches" in xero.Many thanks
I believe this Detailed report should also show leave details - it is called the Detailed report after all.Also I would have thought that if I ran this report and click on one of the pays it would then take me to the actual pay (so I could at lease see the leave entitlements accrued/taken), but it takes me back to the employee file area :(Is there an easy way to drill down into the employee pay transactions?
CLUSTER 3483
Can anyone make sense of this and recommend  the easiest way to notate the Q3 scenario above?
Where the invoice numbers are the same they are added together and shown to be from just one supplier?Anyone else had this?
Is it possible to allocate a tracking (cost centre) to each employee plus use timesheets.
CLUSTER 3485
These notes should be read in conjunction with the attached compilation report of (Accounting Company Name).'
I need to keep a record of passport details, contracts of employment, qualifications etc.
CLUSTER 3486
We have a large number of repeating (monthly) invoices that are set to automatically approve and send at the beginning of each month.
If you are a user of Xero and Hire Management by Smart Reports, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3488
Should every unpaid expense be categorized in a liability account, or should they all be categorized as what type of expense it actually is?
For us, the problem with using Xero's inventory is that the items need to be added by the Item Code.
If you are a user of Xero and BigCommerce by Stitch Labs, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3489
I'm new to Xero and accounting and could really use some help before my trial period expires.
Could you please advise, as I put the invoice through as purchases but am unsure how to allocate a payment to the invoice?
Xero should implement ip restrictions so that the software can only be used and accessed in designated areas if selected.
CLUSTER 3492
When the report goes over 1 page is it possible to have the column headings printed on the top of each page.
If worest case senario happened and I want to run my own backups eg monthly, is this possible?
CLUSTER 3493
For example:Membership Fee : $500I need to split that incoming amount into 6 categories:Cat 1 : $150Cat 2: $50Cat 3: $50Cat 4: $70Cat 5: $30Cat 6: $150If anyone can give me some clear guidance that would be great.
We’ve reconciled the amounts and there are no incorrect amounts on the payment summaries so would we be okay to finalise, publish and lodge the payment summaries, or would there be problems in future payroll years or the GL as a result of the amounts not matching?Thanks for any assistance.Alan
CLUSTER 3494
Could anyone please guide me on best practices for NYC?
I need to go to a separate report for this which will only show me leave transactions.
As this date is not included in the selection dates and I cant revert is there some other way of doing this.
Has anyone come across this error and a potential fix/workaround.
CLUSTER 3495
Would I need to set up a transfer to Kiwi from the UK and make a rule for the Kiwi bank account a 200 sale?
(I didnt set these up is it automatic... very clever :-)Is there a way I can set up all future Paypal payments as a rule to avoid the who and what in reconcile at all?ThanksJulian
Feeling a little Silly asking this question :-( How do i pay the public holiday for last tue being melb cup day?
CLUSTER 3498
If I have an invoice due from a customer for $20 and they pay me $25, how do I account for this as a tip?
Any thoughts/suggestions/best practice ideas would be great.Thanks!
The bank accounts view on the dashboard and bank accounts page, are too long...
My team and I logged in this morning to find that all the normal dashboard items are showing.
CLUSTER 3502
Hello,Would it be possible for invoice numbers be allocated after a draft invoice has been submitted for approval?This would stop the invoice numbers being assigned from the repeating invoice schedule.Thanks,
Does anyone know of an add on that can calculate:Wage %  (cost of wages expressed as a % of sales)Liquor %  (cost of liquor expressed as a % of sales)As I am a Xero noob any help would be greatly appreciated!Thanks!
CLUSTER 3504
We are a hire company, so when someone hires something from us we need their personal information.
This seems like it should be a completely standard feature in receivables / payables reporting.Thanks
Hi, There is any facility to feed bill automatically at supplier end to our Xero pack
CLUSTER 3505
Hi all,How do you go back and edit payslips that has already been paid to adjust the annual leave taken?Thanks
When I click on the transaction in the Bank Account section, the option is not there and therefore cannot notify the party of proof of payment
I have to wait for the actual date it is due for the invoice to be created before I can email it out.Is this already possible or a feature request?CheersMike
Payroll should be able to be posted directly from a chosen bank account, especially where ABA files are created for payment.
CLUSTER 3506
Once processed the program should drop you back to the list of invoices outstanding so you can start on the next transaction.
The Name and Address section of our employees, on the group certificate doesn't line up with a window faced envelope.
I need to match the invoice with Amazon Seller Account's transaction that would be imported into Xero.How can I do this?
Can someone please explain why there is a balance showing at all since she is not entitled to any holiday pay on termination?
CLUSTER 3507
Refreshing the feed does not seem to help either.Please can anyone provide help on how to fix this?Thanks.
Currently we can  easily using the "adjustments" section.However, sometimes there are multiple bank fees being applied.
It would be easier if I could do a DR & CR resulting in a nil pay to correct this.Is this possible please?
CLUSTER 3508
Has anyone else had this problem, and if so,did you get a resolution?
Does anyone have any advice on how i would tackle this is XERO?
I am requiring support from XERO that can not be accomplished online.
CLUSTER 3509
(The simple, obvious and wrong answer would be to keep the legacy data on the Windows computer.
Do I need to do a general journal entry, or is there another way using Xero's system functions?
I would like to see the same feature that is available in the invoicing section; where we can add documents to the invoice.
CLUSTER 3511
If not an someone has experience then i'd be very grateful for any advice.Thanks
Is it possible to have an automatic feed from Clydesdale bank?
CLUSTER 3514
Of course it is expected that this loan will be repaid to me, but whether it will be in one or multiple instalments is to be determined.
This could apply to journals, bank imports or even invoice/bill creation.
At the moment if you sell products at the same price to multiple people, you are stuck with manual searching.
CLUSTER 3515
The new business performance reports are a great start.
This way the audit trail is more specific.Thank you!Chris
CLUSTER 3516
Which account should this be done to ?Cash will go into the till float out of which expenses (inc wages) will be paid.
When I cannot select a pre-set tax rate, I enter an extra line in my reconciliation.
If you are a user of Xero and Late Fee Manager, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3517
Is that whats best to do?Hope someone can help.
It's just a hassle when SHE is the only one who can refresh it.So is there any way to switch that over?
And have a new Xero database.How do we handle the employees.
The functionality of check printing in your system is ridiculous.
CLUSTER 3518
Account Transactions) at the top of the first page rather than (or as well as) at the bottom of the last page.That way the headline information (often the most important info) is immediately visible, without having to then go to the bottom of the last page of the report.ThanksDanny
Hi All,We're looking at adding the option of purchasing prepaid blocks of time at a discounted rate for IT support and maintenance, however i'm not sure how to manage this from a tracking point of view.We need to be able to record how many hours have been purchased, and how many have been used.
CLUSTER 3519
Should I reconcile the entire "wrong account" anyway?
Monitor your customers and find out how they pay their other suppliers.
CLUSTER 3520
this would give me the correct amounts, but i am unsure how this would stuff up my poor accountant.Any help would be greatly appreciated.Thanks in advanceShane
When will we be able to get a Windows Phone mobile client?As Xero is written in .NET it should not be a huge stretch to port some functionality on to Windows Phone
CLUSTER 3522
However, I do not know how to record all the interest payable for the future 5 years in the accounts, though I have my repayment schedule on hand.
4) How do transaction fees for non Shopify payments (say PayPal for example) sales get sync'ed?
CLUSTER 3523
Xero payroll allows us to use tracking categories on the wages entry by utilising the timesheet function, however this is only part of the cost of employees as it does not then allocate super expenses in the same way.
often when we reconcile there is some rounding, is it possible to draw the rounding out of a separate pool of deposit?we often do COD and the coins dont get banked exactly hence the rounding amounts.
CLUSTER 3524
That same supplier is buying 2,160.48 worth of services from me.If I follow the rules for a Contra offset using the Suspense Account, the remaining amount stays in the Suspense Account and remains lost which is useless.What I need is for a credit to be applied to that customers account which I can then pay directly to their bank account.How can this be done?Seems fairly simple, but the Suspense Account doesn't allow for this.
We are a small construction company with no employees, we use self employed contractors.We are invoiced by the subs as "Labour, Materials, NO VAT (none are VAT registered), CIS Deduction of 20%"Payroll app seems to be the answer, but i don't have any employees, should i add the contractors as employees and mark them as paid intermittently, or should i not add any employees?
I protested, and it seems many others did tool, as two days later we received an email saying that, due to customer feedback, there would, after all, be a choice ot taking the new feed or sticking with the Yodlee feed.I then replied to the email - three times - asking for confirmation that the Yodlees feed would continue to be fully supported by Xero.
CLUSTER 3525
Of course they should only be able to see their own bills.Is there currently any planned feature or exiting feature I could use for that?
Is there a report that we could print which includes the information entered into Xero followed by the pdf of the attached invoices?
Pay runs and pay calendars are a nightmare, and they are not necessary, you should not have them, and should be able to do a pay run any time you want.
CLUSTER 3526
Does anyone have a trade finance facility and using xero.
Any tips?Rezdy is a B2B Marketplace for tours and activities.
CLUSTER 3527
My base currency in paypal is USD but from time to time I receive payment in Sterling.
Is it just a matter of editing some field on the invoice to put my bank details or is there a better way to do this?
Does anyone know whether there's an issue with Assets currently and when it's anticipated that it be rectified?Cheers
An employee paid a Bill that was already entered into Xero using personal funds.
CLUSTER 3528
or should i do everything as an "expense claim" and then attached the receipt etc?
There are clients out there that have corporate year-ends other than the end of the month.
CLUSTER 3529
We have over 600 customers so using tracking is not an option (and setting up tracking to track customers is illogical)thanks
We don't sell items or inventory using Xero but simply need to create invoices with line totals.
When setting up Twice Monthly Payroll how do you show set hours and a set hourly rate on the payslip.
Then I need a field to show the source of the job (internet, word of mouth, existing cust, etc.
CLUSTER 3531
I have tried to create a credit note against the invoice, have tried to create a separate invoice for ($363) which is not possible given is below zero.How can I (a) reconcile the payment of $3993 against the $3600 invoice  (b) How can I capture the $363 direct payment I have made to their account to reimburse them, then reconcile that against the invoice so that it clearly shows they have cleared the debt of $3600 via the $3393 payment and my $363 credit?ThanksWill
We also need to collect data each time we visit a client to report progress to medical insurance companies.I am looking for an app that integrates with Xero and that will help with scheduling (also entering when someone cancels) and that will upload data for each visit with clients.Anyone knows something that will do that for us?thank you,elena
CLUSTER 3532
Is there a quick way to see the address of a customer when entering an address?
My client is wanting to run a report showing income only from clients.
Any tips?Business Managers and Advisors see performance at a glance.
CLUSTER 3533
Can anyone suggest a more efficient way to process these transactions?
Can anyone suggest a more efficient way to process these transactions?
Any tips?Get your sales tax liabilities in order.
CLUSTER 3534
Hi, At the end of the month I like to look back on where we spent money, so the easiest way is to bring up the General Ledger where it breaks down by account type.I want to go through it from largest expense account to smallest though, so currently I need to export to excel, sort there, then cross reference back to Xero to look into those accounts in that order.There is already a 'Sort By' dropdown, but it only lists account name or account ID.
Have had to resort to using HMRC tools.Now for our first payroll under auto enrollment the software calculates contributions on gross pay instead of the eligible pay.The list goes on.it is bad enough that we have been Beta testing software for Xero without any compensation but the disruption to the clients' records can no longer be tolerated.All of our payrolls not already on My PAYE will now be moved from Xero.
CLUSTER 3535
How should this transaction be recorded?For example lets say we record a $6000 USD withdrawal for shareholder #1, and a $4000 USD withdrawal for shareholder #2.
Hello FoxyCart users,The days of importing sales orders, customers, products details manually from your FoxyCart store to Xero account are over.
CLUSTER 3536
How about being able to drag & drop the file as an alternative to the current attach file dialog box?
Can someone please confirm the steps to mark someone taking unpaid leave (e.g.
Last week our Payroll Officer accidentally processed a payrun that included an ex employee (that hasn't been deleted out of our system).
CLUSTER 3537
Essentially we are a UK charity that has been awarded a grant - i need it to show as going into our account as a grant from the funder and then going out again not he same day to pay for their services however the money never physically changes hands so there is nothing to import - is there a way to create a statement line?
Do you know of a way Xero can assign a gl account in the "Leave" section of the "Pay Items" settings so that when an employee takes long service leave it can come straight off the liability account, instead of defaulting to the Wages Expense account?
CLUSTER 3539
When we issue a NZD invoice, the following information is always included on the invoice:How do I remove this information?
I have discovered that the more specific I make my rules with multiple description fields, the less likely they are to work.
CLUSTER 3541
I cant locate the option in Xero where is that setting, please help.ThanksNishan
Can anyone advise of training options on the gold coast for utilising workflowmax?
I need to report on two different styles of profit and loss monthly.
We wish to customise the way the contacts template is formated to reflect our clientele.
CLUSTER 3542
I read up on this today and added credit notes to the invoice to cancel out the money we received minus a cancellation fee.
We're not planning to charge any interest on the loans either way.The question - can anyone advise how this is treated in Xero as a tax rate.
We already know there is an issue in that Xero does not enable the company to issue a buyer-created invoice and a work-around (manual!)
When you view the Quotes dashboard i think it is great that you can see at a glance total $values for draft / quoted / accepted / expired.
Hi,just wondering what is the best way to reverse payroll so that the full year amount can be entered as dividends instead please
CLUSTER 3544
We have all forms of payment deposited into a clearing account and deposit from these into the main business checking to match the deposits on the bank statements.
The way Transferwise operate is to overestimate the transaction value initially and then to give a credit back once the actual cost has been calculated.
If I delete something it should just disappear, allowing me to make the corrections I need to make and keep the employees record tidy and accurate.
Any tips?Leading job costing & project management system helping agencies & consultancies take control of their business.
Any tips?One page performance dashboard business intelligence tool for Xero - quick, clear business analysis and insight.
CLUSTER 3546
Need to add a feature where phone contacts can be transferred from the phone into Xero via the app so new clients can be added and invoiced on the go.
This would be even better if the time and a half hours worked on the Public Holiday (recorded in the time sheet) are carried through to the leave accruals.
The legal firm are looking to make the switch from MYOB to Xero and find the LEAP to MYOB process has too many problems particularly with invoicing.
CLUSTER 3547
Divide the cash equivalent of the benefit by the number of pay days to find out how much to payroll (£720 ÷ 52 = £13.84).4.
Hi there, A customer has paid twice so I am wanting to allocate his payment as a credit to him, there is no invoice to allocate it to.What is the best way of allocating this?Thanks, Jo
e.g at the end of January the invoice line says 'services for February 2016'.Using the placeholder of month would be perfect if we invoiced in that month.
The only thing I can figure out how to do is delete the line item and then create 3 new ones totalling the amount of the original item.Is there a better way to do this?
CLUSTER 3548
XE.com is not a HMRC approved exchange rate for VAT purposes therefore it would be beneficial to have a choice of exchange websites we could link with Xero, so we don't have to manually input an exchange rate from an approved website.
See: https://help.xero.com/au/#BankAccounts_Details_Reconciliation$BK_AutoSuggest  It seems that they have a few instances where what Xero is prompting them is incorrect and they are clicking "OK" because it appears (to them) similar to a Bank Rule.Is there any way to disable this functionality for their specific Xero organisation?
CLUSTER 3550
I followed the Xero directions to marking an asset as sold - but I see no way to reconcile the buyer's payment.How do I do this?
When I enter a bill or invoice it would be great if only the accounts that are in that particular budget linked to that job come up.
Finally, if I could link to my bank account so payments of dues could go directly their that would be amazing.
Perform lots of time saving actions like creating an invoice in Xero from an Infusionsoft invoice, check out .
CLUSTER 3552
I have already 'approved and paid' the expense claim, so if there is no way of doing this I'll have to delete the expense claim (not sure how to that either!!
It should be possible to run a payables / receivables report, including payments or receipts since the date of the report.
CLUSTER 3554
They could then email it direct to xero with their authoriisation stamp on it and I can enter and set up for payment.
When I go into reconcile, I've got an expense I need to reconcile (their wage leaving my account).
CLUSTER 3555
I have entered some expenses and approve them but then I realized some of them where incorrect and I need to edit them, how can I do this?Thank you
Any ideas where I can find the employees average daily pay so I can calculate this manually?
CLUSTER 3556
Several weeks ago Xero support mentioned that the issue with the repeating lines on the Reconciliation Page will be fixed.
I need to get a number of invoices added in to make it easy for tax time.Any help would be appreciated
Once the client has given their "discuss" comment, it would make it fast to code if there was the discuss column in cash coding for practitioners
Is the PO partially filled (because I issued a Bill (and unchecked fully billed)) but how does that relate to the Invoice to the customer?
CLUSTER 3558
I can see I have the option to undo his termination - can I select this option and simply update his termination date to 7th Jul, or will this cause other issues for the client's file?I am not quite sure and wanted to clarify before I try to make any changes.
We are a small Not For Profit membership association seeking a new way of managing membership that is integrated with Xero such that member invoices are *automatically* created in Xero when members complete their renewal or joining forms online.
CLUSTER 3559
Even when I display all purchases, the three records I've just reconciled don't show.Any ideas?
And how do I let Xero know it's neither?many thanks for any help on this,Sipke
Our employees would like to have a calendar view in My Payroll, identifying who is on leave and when.
I have carried out the usual checks and verified that there are no errors in the email address being used.
CLUSTER 3561
I saw we could import a CSV to create draft invoices but I would like to modify quantities only without having to import each month a CSV that would create a draft that I would have to validate afterwards.
How can I do this?For example, last month my credit card bill was say 2K and constituted many different items, 6 different diesel payments, concrete, rebar, drills, drill bits.
it is also annoying, when you are allocating invoices and the amount is the difference of the credit note, you have to come all the way out of the bank, allocate the credit, go back into the bank account and find all the invoices you want to rec.
Can I please request activation of bank feeds to the Qantas Cash Mastercard.The address of the issuer is: Heritage Bank Limited, 6th Floor, 400 Ruthven Street, Toowoomba, Queensland, 4350.
It would be nice to be able to see each individual transaction's expense coding.For example: when looking at a credit card account's transactions it would be very helpful to have the expense account in the same row.Thank you!Slava
For example, one job may include profession stucco repair/patching and another won't, or one job may require a larger deposit then usual while others may not require a deposit.
The main one would be a Graph showing monthly sales and expenses for the last 12 months with the previous years figures overlayed.The Sales would combine all sales accounts and same for the expenses.
carriage/delivery.My suppliers do not give discount on carriage and likewise, we do not apply discount on carriage to our customers.Ideally, this would be a DEFAULT setting and could be overridden if required by entering a discount value.
I tried entering them by adding a new line within the transaction entry and entering them as a negative amount but it didn't seem to recognise the GST.Forgive me if this is simple to do but I am a big-time Xero novice!Thanks!
Hi There Is there are a way to do bulk invoicing for more than a client in the same time let's say if I do change my client annual subscription (same amount for all) and I am asking if I can tick all my client in one go and create invoices for all of them with the same value
Our customer invoices are all coded to the individual customer with an alpha prefix and are sequential by individual customer, hence by searching the customer code / prefix, all outstanding invoices will be displayed sequentially and by date order.
Is there code for this or is this even possible?We also need to create a custom column for a client specific code at the beginning of our quote/ invoice table - is this also possible in a .docx theme?Many thanks,
Hi,Our company recently started using tracked inventory on Xero.Before that, lost/broken and tasting stock was processed as an invoice and recorded in "Lost/Broken stock" or "Tasting stock" account.
I have wrongly classified receipts on several Expense claims, how can i correct that?These expense claims have been paid and i cannot find how to edit the receipts.Basically i assigned some receipts to "subscriptions" and they need to be in the "Office Expenses".
HiDoes anyone know how to process superannuation for Employer Additional Contributions that are non-reportable - ie that are required as part of an industrial agreement?Or at least how to remove them from the RESC column of the Payment Summary?
Also, Is there a way for the employee to insert the amount on the timesheet screen or do we have to do it when we run payroll?We can not run it as a bonus every month because the tax deductions will be wrong.Thanks,Sandy DorrienTiller & Sheets, LLC
i dont really want to pay for the upgrade only to find its not suitable.So, can someone please confirm if it can track holiday accrued, taken and outstanding with a variable holiday year (ours starts on 1st January.
HiThe volume of sales invoice lines a client of mine creates is making Xero unusable and Xero have advised us that they need to seek an alternative system - but they really like Xero.
Even I knew, they may working in UK, so would Xero arrange another Support Team in NZ or other region?For example - CX0004259912:- I have listed my question from my email, they seem never read it.
CLUSTER 3565
These transactions have also been reconciled with the bank as "sales" already.Would i need to unreconcile and void those transactions which have been recorded or sale and change to sales in advance?or is there a way of reversing.Sorry I am new to xero
Hello all,Need help.Is there a way for the "Due Date" to not show on the sales invoices?The due dates appears despite I have recorded payment for the invoice which creates confusion to my customers.Best regards,Rikki
CLUSTER 3569
My accountant has recommended that I just expense the inventory and take the deduction now.How is this accomplished in Xero?
I want to merge them in to one.From an accounting stand point this is not a big deal.
Just wondering how to reconcile this as my pay run is one amount not a breakup of all the employees.
The employee bank details are entered & all employees are set to Electronic Transfer2.
CLUSTER 3571
Is there a way i can have  xero user related data added to the templates.
Any tips?Receive short-term funding for your small business.
CLUSTER 3574
So that bosses/clients can work out how long their book keeper has been logged into xero (so that they can know how long they have worked for) so that the hours match up to the invoice
They are an unwanted distraction & clutter the page.I'd like a simple two column TB, showing figures to date only, please.
For year end taxes, employee w2's should show up in the my payroll site, perhaps as a new tab in addition to the paystubs.
CLUSTER 3575
Hi all,I have one invoice to book which is to be paid in 15 August'16.
Bank statement shows up and I need a corresponding bill in order to reconcile.
Does anyone know if it is possible to import a CSV file into Xero Payroll?
Any tips?Simple, set & forget credit control for small businesses.
CLUSTER 3577
This would give me a figure of how much of the amount in the interest bearing account is actually uncommitted capital as well as being available to pay me a wage.I have spent a reasonable amount of time trying to work out how I can do this but haven't found any concrete way.
On my own business I can refresh the bank (Natwest) as often as I like and no problems have arisen to date.However, on the client's Xero I cannot refresh the bank feed (Santander), where it would normally say "Refresh Bank Feed" under "Manage Accounts" it just says "Activated" and there are no other options.
CLUSTER 3578
DO NOT assume that the numbers Xero is calculating are correct.
Is there any way of seeing if my advisor has checked my accounts?
Can anyone assist in how to do this?Many thanks,Mark
There is not a "rejected" Timesheet nothing!Help please.
Any tips?Financial reporting for businesses of any size.
Hi there, I need app for invoices, any suggestion?
Xero, thus far, is a great product.
CLUSTER 3579
This would effectively cancel out the negative value under "VAT" for the period of my submission.
I would like to be able to see whether a contract is profitable over time.
: 'L/Acc – Home Loan' or 'Telstra Mobiles' or 'IP Insurance'.
Any tips?Imporex enables and streamlines Xero for Bendigo Community Banks ®.
CLUSTER 3580
If it shoudl be anywhere it should be where you itemize and categorize your transaction in the first place... on the reconciliation screen!
The xero app only has a few functions is there any way of adding 'pay runs' to the app settings?
CLUSTER 3581
if I use business transaction account revenue to pay business credit card, how should I code the transfers?
I've set up a VAT control account in my assets, but I am not sure how to allocate the tax rate for each expense to this count.
Normally it's very straightforward, so I'm a little concerned I need to pay closer attention to different state holidays.
This functionality is not fully integrated with "Bills", aka purchases/accounts payable and does not allow you to monitor unfulfilled amounts.
CLUSTER 3582
If anyone can let me know if I'm correct in my thinking or way off base, it would be appreciated!
ive looked at our account today and there are suddenly 291 items that need to be reconciled.
If you are a user of Xero and Nifty Forms, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SmartBiz Loans, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3583
Any tips?Integrate Volusion with Xero & send sales, tax and inventory data instantly.
The new Account Transactions report appears to randomly not show transaction Reference data.
CLUSTER 3585
When they come into Xero they show up for the full amount of the sale.
We could do this in Quickbooks by setting an expected payment in this way.
Is it possible to see the date a Leave Request has been approved?
I may be wrong.Can you recommend any resources for developing this API?
CLUSTER 3587
Is there a way to approve the Christmas Break leave for all employees at once (For those Eligible), or do you have to enter it individually for each employee, which is very time consuming with large payrolls?
Should I create those?Next, do I need to mirror the same structure of transactions for last year that the Xero payroll module has created for the current year?
CLUSTER 3588
How to account for when a Customer gets cash out on eftpos transaction.Eftpos total at the end of day includes VIsa, Mastercard, Amex and cash out (say $50) totals.
We ship wholesale orders to several customers and need a secure way to save each customers' credit card information on file for continuous billing.
CLUSTER 3589
Whenever entering (either manually or by copy/pasting) dates in the most universally unambiguous 'yyyy-MM-dd' format, they are often although not systematically interpreted as 'yyyy-dd-MM' by Xero.
I have a many clients and accountants asking me why Xero does not have a percentage sales P&L report.One example - a client who I controverted is very active on cash flow and knowing where everything is in his business.
When making an error in payments instead of remove and redoing it would be good to be able to edit the payment details instead of entering all the info againMost of the time it is adjusting the amount or reference
Sometimes one of our guys has not done part of a deposit and I have spent time on reconcilling a bank line item...   Only to have to wait and do it all again,  Is there a way to save it...or could you make a way to save it.
The only way back is to use your browser's back key.The UI would be a lot cleaner if you simply put the header with the menu that appears on the dashboard page on every page, without exception.
CLUSTER 3590
would be great to see the reconciliation status of all accounts on one screen, or even just all those that are out of balance.some clients have many accounts and it takes ages to update through them allsorry if someone else suggested this - there are a lot of suggestions !!
This would allow businesses to manage the identities themselves (a lot of businesses connect their identity provider to LDAP for instance)This would also allow staff to login easier and depending on the identity provider setup, more securely.
); but also larger data sets, like when you get a client with a year of bank records that you need to allocate.I was thinking about making my own html forms to put on a password protected client area on my own website.
CLUSTER 3594
Hi , we received one invoice, but we just need pay half of that invoice, and another company will pay the other half.so, how should I record this in Xero?Thanks
With the New Flat Rate Scheme of 16.5% that will inevitably be introduced on the 01st April 2017 for 'Limited Cost Trader' (i.e.
CLUSTER 3596
HI , how do i input opening balances for my customers without importing them ?
Can I just go into set-up and change the date to 8/31/15?
CLUSTER 3597
We could contact our banks to find this information for each transaction, but this is not something we can do on a daily basis.
The problem is, I've no idea how I figure depreciation on a 2005 carAnyone got any ideas?RegardsMark
CLUSTER 3598
On Xero this balance is -10,356.11!!
If the tax has started yet it should be p refilled.
We need everyone's participation to make this work.
CLUSTER 3599
Does it handle the VAT ok?Would love to know how its going.regardsDaniela
Any advice for setting this item up so each employee has a balance of five days and they can't accrue more?
Does that mean Xero notifies HMRC automatically or do I still need to do something?
CLUSTER 3602
Hope someone understands this and is able to help.
We are a consulting services company who works virtually.
CLUSTER 3604
Its would be good to have this box that you can type the amount in and it discounts the total that amount and shows how much has been discounted.
Hello,It seems that the only way for a Cashbook Client to write checks is for that client to be given the Advisor user role.
From what I can tell, the only way to setup a new invoice that is sent at a future date is to create a 'recurring' invoice.
CLUSTER 3606
We are a small company with two divisions that bear a percentage of overheads.1.
Xero Team USA will be out and about on the road over the next few months during conference season!
Could you add an integration with Smart Pension (autoenrolment.co.uk).
CLUSTER 3607
It would be great if we (BAS & Tax Agents) could print a proper TPAR report out of Xero for us to submit to the client for signature.
Hi Everyone, How to proceed for the below: - Expense in USD paid from owner personal account in EUR knowing that the company based currency is USD?
CLUSTER 3608
When viewing the history for a contact, there are several entries all marked "From Sales Invoice:" with the note text that was added to the invoice in question.
It has an option of "Based on Ordinary hours worked" but it is asking me how many hours are worked annually and each pay period but this is unknown.
CLUSTER 3609
Has anyone else had a problem with this and how did you fix it?Thanks and regards, Telita.
The IMPORTANT UPDATE says "...so you'll need to upload a profile image..."How do I do this?
CLUSTER 3610
I Can't seem to get the right report and format it correctly for import.
Any tips?Smooth integration between Microsoft Dynamics CRM and Xero.
CLUSTER 3612
Now moving all in with Xero and my question is, if I turn on Invoice reminders in Xero is it going to immediately email everyone with overdue invoices imported from Freshbooks?I don't want this to happen as these invoices are either write offs or they would have already received reminders from Freshbooks.
Xero Workpapers - Can you create the workpapers with say tickbox options so we can add additional columns, mainly the ability to have prior years shown on all workpapers, so you can be reviewing the balance sheet and compare the current year with the prior year balances, as well as supporting information.
CLUSTER 3615
What would be the best procedure to follow in xero for the following example?
It would be fantastic if you could add the details of your customers on the quotes.
Does anyone know if Yodlee would have a feed for this type of account?
If so, on a scale of 1-10 how would you rate their cloud app?
CLUSTER 3619
What would these items fall under on my invoice, would they count as sales?Sorry for the mass of questions there, I just want to ensure I am using the software correctly.
We have two types of payment arrangement for our customers and would love to print an aged receivables report distinguishing the two groups.
How do I classify these withdrawls and deposits so it does not show up as revenue etc?How do I accound for the loss/gain based on the current exchange rate at the time?
It has been entered in Xero in "Other Revenue" but that means it is showing up on our Profit & Loss which I don't want as it is not really Sales.Does anyone know how I would do this ?DD
Multiply debits and credits need to balance to zero so a total as you tick items - as in batch deposits - would be really helpful.
CLUSTER 3621
A customer over paid me for some goods.What is the best way to reconcile this and create a refund
Is Xero able to pull these two accounts together when I need a report?---
How on earth the balance in Bank Reconciliation summary is different from bank statement?
CLUSTER 3622
Would be great if we could print inventory pdf that actually contains quantities!
Is there anyone in Darwin NT whom I can contact for assistance with my ever growing list of questions?
CLUSTER 3623
I won't create a new set of Xero contacts or be constantly exporting/importing them.
this post won't let me format any tags so I've replaced square brackets with rounded.
As there bank feed does not display the 1.7.15 transaction how do I process ?
CLUSTER 3624
Retention amounts are only due in for eg 12 months.If these could be identified separately it would be useful to know this value.
When entering a new contact, can xero show similar contacts at the start so I don't enter all the details a second time?
How do I reconcile this as the bank statement obviously only has 1 entry but it needs to go against 2 separate Xero entries
I'm impressed with the product, the support, the communities, the video's and how flexible Xero is to use.What I'd really like to see is the Roadmap!
CLUSTER 3626
We are having problems importing the BACs file from Xero into NatWest.
How do I set them so that they take tax out of the wage?Cheers,Sam
CLUSTER 3627
Management want to report and monitor performance of each location separately through Xero.I have been advised this is possible but may need a plug-in.Can anyone give me further guidance on this?
Having just completed the archiving of over 100 Tracking Items I can tell you from experience that this is a tedious and time-consuming task.Is there anyway we could have a global archive feature?
CLUSTER 3628
Deposits, which should have included these same 2015 invoices, were not created by batching said invoices together; they were simply added as a deposit.
Hi,I have received a refund into our bank account to cover broken stock that was received.Do I need to apply an adjustment to inventory?
CLUSTER 3630
I still can not automatically access my bank feeds from inside Xero.Can someone please let me know how this is going?
It would be useful when using the email to adviser function in  Xero if it bookmarked the page you are on so your accountant can see what you are referring to.
At present it is "On Order" so was wondering if there was a way I could invoice this product the same as I would for a product which was already on our warehouse floor?
I have no idea where I should map this account in Xero?See screenshot here: http://ctrlv.in/460292There is no Payments account in Xero.
CLUSTER 3631
In quickbooks I would add a deposit from customer for invoice and then another for tip to the tip account in the same transaction.
Typically we transfer funds among our different accounts electronically, which is easy enough to record in Xero.
Only thing is, I can't make head nor tail of their printouts as none of the figures seem to relate to anything else!
Can the option be made available or an added feature so we can have this additional footer available just on those specific pages.6.
CLUSTER 3633
It is about time that ANZ Bank credit cards were included on bank feeds, many companies have a credit card for pettycash/general expenses and it is a pain to have to manually input every transaction.
We've offered to pay this employee for this leave (vs. carrying it over).How do I process this so that a) the leave balance is adjusted down to 0 and b) I can include it in an unscheduled payroll run?Thanks,Mike
CLUSTER 3634
I would think Xero should post the COGS vs.
can gives us a list of the charts we would require.
CLUSTER 3635
Archived accounts should have some method to prevent them from appearing in dropdown menus, such as the Account Transactions report.
If you are a user of Xero and Zendesk by Cloud Elements, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Real Estate Investar, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3636
Hello,We are now in the process of evaluating our options in moving to a SaaS solution.We are a small team of 5 people occasionally having to run large projects of 5-6 weeks with 100 of external contractors.These are the features that we need - 1) Team collaboration tool by project.
If a foolish user saves their password in an untrusted browser then our accounts are easily compromised.I would really like to add the ability to specify source IP addresses that are permitted to login to my company's Xero in the company settings.
CLUSTER 3638
It would be nice to be able to view the profit and loss for any given job more quickly and at any time
If Xero wants to gain mass acceptance as a payroll provider, then they need to cater to some of those needs.
Any tips?All-in-one dashboard for social media, analytics, marketing, sales, support, and Xero.
CLUSTER 3639
Clearly it does not go under Liabilities but it is not Revenue or Assets either - how should I reconcile this in my Xero accounts?Thanks
Is this the only way to "manually" manage statement lines for a bank account?Is there a better way to manage what I am doing?
CLUSTER 3640
We need to accept and hold balances of BTC / XBT in our business but I don't know if I can somehow make it work with Xero.
If we are successful, we could be talking large numbers too.4) Can any of this be automated, and if so how?5) Can Xero cope with high volumes?
CLUSTER 3642
Hey Guys,I just need some clarification about how best to arrange my Paypal Credit payments within Xero.
This doesn't reflect the actual accounting period when the expenses are incurred, thus distorting the P/L for certain period.
CLUSTER 3644
Invoice amount (invoice date: 14 April 2013) is 4000.
That is, a business gets no credit against amounts to be remitted unless they were paid in error.
BizarreI am receiving a monthly billing of $131 on top of the normal fees.
CLUSTER 3648
), credit Revenue ($300 or $330) How does the GST treatment work?
How can I change this so that it allows me to amend the tax rates?Thanks,Amy
CLUSTER 3649
Id love to see an automated feature for employees who are on the same pay every week.
If you are a user of Xero and Asset Guru, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
I linked Rezdy to Xero starting the first of this year and I can see that it will be a great combination.
CLUSTER 3650
Is there a way I can set/link default asset type to account 720 for an asset I just bought?I used the account 720 - Computer Equipment.
It seems that XERO allows their VARs (Value Added Retailers) enormous amount of power including switching you off without any notice.
Tables need to be more customisable - we need to be able to pick alignment options so we can left align for words and right align for numbers.
I’ve started this thread to gauge the demand for a limit on the options available to users when choosing Chart of Accounts, Tracking categories, and Tax Rates.
As invoices often go over more than 1 page, it would be great to have the TOTAL AMOUNT OWING for an invoice displayed at the top of the invoice.
I've been playing around the budget utility in Xero Business and I can't seem to figure out how to include capital items such as fixed assets and inventory.
CLUSTER 3652
But I couldn't see any allocate payment or credit button in over payment options, I could see only edit button in Over payment option button.
Then when I reconcile, despite the value, I can assign each payment to that generic bill.Is my thinking way off here?Any guidance would be cool.ThanksPreston
CLUSTER 3654
or is it okay to leave it like this?Do i need to have an invoice each time I receive income?
Is it possible to get the sort of report I want out of Xero?Many thanks.
CLUSTER 3655
Can anyone advise of any easy way to records these transactions.
Also is there a keyboard short to add new lines?
I have checked the help guides and it says that it should have automatically updated.
CLUSTER 3658
Do I NEED to transfer all my past paid bills from years past over to Xero, or can I just have a spreadsheet of them saved for review?
In some cases, we may round up the price of the part.So, what is best practice here in terms of the Chart of Accounts and reporting for this?
Can you please create the ability to run a sales report based on the country, province, state (i.e.
CLUSTER 3660
Is there a way to undo the import without going through each individual transaction?
So I do not need to type my email address every time to logn in.~
That way we can bring the relevant entries onto the first page.
CLUSTER 3661
Gift cards were purchased from third-party sources.How would this be recorded in Xero?
Any tips?ZingHR combines technology with Cloud solutions in Employee Life-cycle.
CLUSTER 3662
Is there a simple way that I can update her accounts so that the opening balances are  correct and then we can start then as we mean to go on?Thank you
I recently went back to iOS for full functionality via an app as Windows Phone wasn't supported.
Hi thereI have a terminated employee that still shows on my current employee list.Any ideas?Cheers
CLUSTER 3664
I understand that these materials are liable for VAT as they will be used for private use, but how would I reconcile these items in Xero?
Also, can Xero email me in the morning if there are bills that are due to be paid today?Many thanks,Lev
what is the best addon so that the invoices/payments created by duoplane can be reconciled to the payments from paypal/stripe/zipmoney.
CLUSTER 3666
Adviser can also close periods once they are past/all transactions are input.This prevents posting in previous or future years (typos) which then require correcting when found (usually when doing the bank recs).It also prevents any changes to data in previous accounting years where the accounts have already been finalised.Simple check that means the inputter gets it right at the time of inputting rather than being found down the line by someone else necessitating timely corrections.Thanks!
Archaic - sure but that's how it rolls.I need to be able to include our company information, logo and job title on the form that can be printed out - or electronically signed by the staff member and the authorising client without going through some painful seven-step process.Currently download the completed monthly timesheet in excel, copy it into a template, save it as, print to pdf, have it digitally signed, send it on.. ect.Help?
CLUSTER 3667
I only charge what the bank charges the Company, which is 1.1% my question is, what is the best way to record the credit card surcharge please?
transactions on days after that have come through and are all fully reconciled , just everything that happened on 13th July haven't appeared.Anyone had the issue and is there a way to fix it ?
CLUSTER 3668
It would then be possible to see at a glance why the bank account total and the Xero account total are different.
Eg / They pay $5,000 and invoice 0001 is $2,000 so your balance available is $3,000.
In MYOB I was able to create Jobs in which I could allocate invoice/ purchase transactions to, to keep track of expenditure.
CLUSTER 3671
Are we able to allocated a cash receipt to an Invoice from the bank reconcile (or other screen?
If I change them manually, Xero overwrites all the details of that line item, which is pointless.
CLUSTER 3672
We are a 48 seat restaurant, I need to record supplier payments paid in cash or electronic, pay wages, create timesheets that record overtime, double pay on PHolidays etc.
Before I switched to Xero we used Freshbooks for invoicing and I particularly liked their ipad app feature where you could scroll back week by week and month by month and see sales invoices raised in a bar chart.
CLUSTER 3675
This would be handy to see what other people are currently discussing as opposed to simply the most popular things of all time.
When on a supplier page, there should be a "Pay bills" option that brings you to the "Bills" page with the results filtered on the contact.
It would be great if we could add tags to contacts/transactions in Xero that would then be available to filter reports.
Xero is the only competitor that I've found that really even discusses security and you seem to just pay it lip service.
CLUSTER 3679
Could this be the case that it has duplicated statement lines and if so how do i go about sorting it out?Many thanksKaren
I used to be able to check what entries had a file attached - in Account Transactions but it is not there anymore.
They are a Golf Club who would certainly use the 'Group' feature in the customer list.
CLUSTER 3681
You can currently only add up to 12 Rules in the 1099 configuration.
This is difficult to accept for a product as mature as xero in my opinion.
CLUSTER 3682
Can't I archive the order and mark it as cancelled?2.
Unless someone advises I should.Cheers,Sam
Ignorance of this security risk is no longer an excuse.
CLUSTER 3683
IRD is yet to respond to my request for information on this.
Hi, I'm having an issue with my kiwibank bank feed.
!I have no idea how this is possible because a pension hasn't even been set up!
CLUSTER 3685
I cant seem to find anything in Xero and are happy to buy and Add on should we need to - can anyone point us in the right directions.
I am looking for a Xero add-on that supports sales orders and deposits.When an order is taken, a deposit invoice is generated to the client.
CLUSTER 3687
This is the FOURTH acquisition of this particular bank & account that we have been through (first in xero though) and I can't find a previous question on the topic.
How can I expose these attachments to the client via the invoice without scanning them all in again and reattaching, which would negate the first scanning process.
I would love to know how other partners/ accountants present their accounts , or what they  use, when the main headings on the Balance Sheet can not be moved.
We should be able to extract per customer/supplier on a separate report so we can see all transactions on EACH account and be able to send to excel.
CLUSTER 3688
Even though Xero is saying the bank reconciles it has happened on many occasions that it doesn't match the bank statement.
Because the exchange rate changed, the second time, we just paid $4,100USD for 28,000RMB.How could I record these transactions?
CLUSTER 3689
Any tips?Delightful, modern payroll that is fast, secure, and easy to use.
So what is the best way to see where I stand regarding upcoming bills/expenses ?
CLUSTER 3690
I added an inventory for 1 of the trucks but the prices will change constantly with the different fees, can I please get some advice how I would go about adding this into xero.Also looking for someone to help educate me on xero and some of the processes I don't know how to do yet.TIARachel
This I also find strange that it will not roll back to the invoice number if deleted, so the new invoice takes that number.Using WFM, owned by Xero, if an invoice is entered in error, then deleted in Xero, and fixed an issued in WFM, it will push through as different numbers.
CLUSTER 3691
Also this field value would need to be stored with Xero's reusable Inventory Items.
The payrun is as per usual and has been posted from the pay period from the timesheet.Has this happened to anyone and how do i resolve it?
CLUSTER 3692
In relation to Australian Tax and GST legislation, how would you allocate the following scenarios:Nb.
Hi ,Has anyone come up with a good process for dealing with payroll tax that they are happy to share?
CLUSTER 3694
It only seems to search on the "ContactName", "Firstname" and "Lastname".Please can you tell me how to search on their account number?
Apart from the automated responses that tell me I should hear back in 24 hours I'm hearing nothing.
CLUSTER 3695
Is it possible to have access to view 8 digits on this page and lose the ... ?Any questions please let me know this would help me very much.Thanks.Diana0449165280
Do I need to make an item - 'BF outs' and turn that money into an new account, say - Agency Assets, which then in turn pays off any outgoings?
Standard hours, weekend hours etc.I also need to pay them their uniform allowance once per week... No probs I though.I went to settings / payroll.
CLUSTER 3698
I guess XXX should show up on a balance sheet, and YYY on a P+L report?And I would like the 'Business Perforamance' counters to work, specifically 'Debt Ratio'.Any help would be appreciated.
An Invoice to then be generatedThere are high volumes of transactions daily, so would need this to be automated.Would also need to easily reconcile cash collected with each invoice.Would really appreciate any help with suggestions anyone can make!
CLUSTER 3699
And also to help show the success rate of quotes.
How do I change it so they don;t accrue anymore but still hold their entitlements?
Any tips?Integrated training / learning management platform.
CLUSTER 3701
Would like to see a "notes" section under the supplier contact tab for miscellaneous notes about the supplier.
Very simple one this - can you show when the last successful bank feed was done against each account on the dashboard please?
CLUSTER 3702
Having to consistently fill these in every time is time consuming and painful!
I can get the bank to balance fine with the over payment credited to the account.
CLUSTER 3704
However want the detail on our side for invoicing purposes.Any ideas are much appreciated!
It would be great if you could add to inventory without losing Bills that you're partway through.
CLUSTER 3705
Many transactions for our clients have various statement Narrations that are all for the same transaction type (ie Drawings).
How does one delete an accidental duplicate entry for Time Off if it has already entered into the Completed state?
CLUSTER 3707
What account should I be adding it to?------Similarly, I get a lot of "International purchase fees" appearing in my bank feed, which needs to be reconciled.
Is it possible for Xero to identify where mileage in the current business year has gone over 10k miles and to notify/automatically adjust rate?
CLUSTER 3709
I need Xero to "integrate" with an external system.
Also, the payments in CLIO are not syncing to Xero.
CLUSTER 3710
Can it be set up that you select the items off the quote (maybe a tick box) to appear on the invoice without having to delete anything.
My accountant is handling wages/payslips etc, but should I be posting wage payments to direct wages or Payroll?
CLUSTER 3711
HiWould Xero be looking at a function where we could add a mobile phone to our customer account allowing SMS reminders to be issued for any overdue invoices past a certain date.Kind RegardsMelanie BowringOffice ManagerReal Estate Dynamics
The contact details on the top of the invoices details should be able to be different to the details in the payment advice slip.ie, at the top of the invoice, contact details should be email and phone first as the most important however the payment advice, by nature is posted and should have the postal address.
CLUSTER 3712
I can't believe there isn't a contact number for the support team or even the sales department.
It's extremely annoying at times - well all the time Surely there should be an option to turn this off.
We MUST either have E-SERVICES IN ALL PLANS OR APPROPRIATELY PRICED SEPARATELY!
CLUSTER 3714
They have refunded me, but I am unsure of how to document this in Xero?If someone could help me, it would be greatly appreciated :)
The following month the client would pay for all of those items that would be shown on the one invoice.
Any tips?SmartBiz makes applying for an SBA-guaranteed, low interest loan easy.
CLUSTER 3715
(I will need to pay tax on div payments to myself later, of course.
Does anyone know how to have "Send me a copy" selected as the default?ThanksScott
CLUSTER 3716
This is simply so that the client can see whom he owes money too and whom owes him money, because currently his conversion balance only provides the total amounts of acc.
of hours in month?C) Add the company logo to the payslips?These all seem like fairly basic changes and alterations but I cannot find how to alter.---
CLUSTER 3717
I have 2 questions:- I have been using the EC Sales Services tax code on the invoice, however, these sales do not appear on the vat return, are they supposed to?- Is there a way to add a note onto the invoice to reflect that the supply is subject to the reverse charge or should this be done manually each time?
Can someone please advise how to do this as I am flummoxed and am going around in circles using the help guides and discussion groups.They have also asked for the Business Performance graphs to be within the reports - I can't work out how to do this either.Any guidance would be greatly appreciated.
CLUSTER 3718
Hi,I don't need to log into Xero every day so sometimes forget to pay bills on time.
I've got a couple of incoming statements (credit) that I need to match with one outgoing statement (debit).
CLUSTER 3720
How do we  capture deductions like every day expenses in the business.
And how far back the transaction history can go beyond the 24months?
CLUSTER 3724
There is currently no field to add an item line in a manual journal.
Focus is a local server based point of sale software.
CLUSTER 3725
Hi, I have previously requested this.when in the cashbook, you can not code mulitiple items quickly if they are allocated to a balance sheet item.
Is there any way to reset the personal/carers leave to zero at the beginning of new payroll year or does this have to be managed manually?
CLUSTER 3726
I was wondering if someone could help me understand how to code the reverse charges that eBay fees and Amazon fees are paid at?
Hi We applied a credit note for part of the total due on an invoice (ie adjusting down the original invoice total).
When choosing from the list of items in the invoicing screen, is there a way to display both the item code and description in the item drop down box?
CLUSTER 3729
The complication is that this is in the last financial year, so I'm going to need to carry this over to this year.How do I code it?Many thanks.jim
Please tell me why you believe this would or would not work.Supplemental question: is creating an invoice the only way to decrease my inventory?
These were handy features that have simply been removed.Also, on two occasions the fixed asset has disappeared from the depreciation schedule.
CLUSTER 3730
For me this is by far the fastest way to enter a date and is much quicker than using the picker.
I'm a new user so I aplogise if this is already an option, but I can't see any instructions for it nor does it work in practice.
If you are a user of Xero and Acuity Scheduling, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Union Square, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3731
In doing this we lose the ability to see which individual invoices are due for payment.Is there a much better way of doing this than my hatchet job?
is there a way of getting rid of this as it looks very confusing on the reports which I was going to send to the accountant.Hope this makes sense!
I also list an item, when entering a supplier invoice e.g..plumbing expense under an "item" tagged Plumbing.
CLUSTER 3732
Hi there,I own a small Photographic Services business and have not been able to find a way to fit my billing system into Xero, or any other Accounting software.The way my payments work is:1.
Xero response is to export to excel and sort, this request is not only related to how Xero reports, the whole way Xero shows employees is in first name order, which seriously, is ridiculous.
CLUSTER 3733
Sometimes we may need to create Group Invoicing for our Company like "Donation" to different branches, Paying some group members for their services.
You end up with, in our case, pages of unnecessary data of invoices that are not due to be paid.Please change the new reports so you can exclude invoices due after the month/period you are interested in.
It would be nice if we could tell what invoices we have printed and what we haven't.A simple tick column next to 'sent', saying 'printed', would suffice.Thanks,
I would like either the Account Transactions report to have a beginning & ending balance, OR be able to select accounts to show on the General Ledger account.
Are you using WFM for services quotes/sales/management only and leaving the hardware quotes/sales/tracking in Xero or are you using a different add-on?
CLUSTER 3734
If you are a user of Xero and OneSaaS for Zoho CRM, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ecwid by Stitch Labs, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3735
How do I get a report on COGS per customer?
Just account is so simple can't tell every transactions.
If you have any further questions on this, please let us know.
CLUSTER 3737
(If I do historical adjustment as the amount dates back over 5 years, it stays on the balance sheet).
Hi,Does anyone out there know of an add on that can be used with Xero so that employees can clock on and off with a finger scaner?
CLUSTER 3739
Can someone please explain how this information can be divulged yet not infringe on the agreement I have with my bank not to divulge such information.
We do job costing through xero and we would like the option to run a profit and loss report for each job.
On the Add Transaction page I fill out the form, click Ok, and then the OK button just sits and spins at me.
CLUSTER 3740
This is very time consuming!Is there the possibility that we can select individual options within the tracking option?Thanks
This causes all sorts of issues.If you need suggestions on how to resolve this technically, I'll be glad to provide support.
Currently it requires the report to be exported to Excel to caclulate totals.ALL financial reports should have totals!
CLUSTER 3741
We create invoices for all of our members and purchases for the bill we get from the supplier.On occasion, we will purchase a small amount of food on behalf of the club for things like, filling split orders that our members don't quite have enough orders to fill.
Once an invoice is Approved (let alone paid and reconciled) it should stay unchanged unless specifically edited by someone with authority to do so.Are there any other changes that could happen automatically that I'm not aware of - eg stock item description change?Thanks,Fred
CLUSTER 3742
Then when I get the invoice from the courier, DHL, I enter in the Import VAT as 'VAT on Imports'.The problem with doing it this way is that the cost of the stock purchases doesn't appear as part of item 7 in the VAT return 'Total value of purchases and all other inputs excluding VAT (including acquisitions from EC)'.
I wish to have the ability to be able to add an inventory list per customer.Ie:I am an automotive electrician and constantly work on the same machines for the same customerit would be ideal if when opening the customer, I could then create a list of all their machines,and link my sales invoice to that machine so i can easily track the work completed on each machine
CLUSTER 3743
There is NO WAY TO ASSOCIATE HUMAN SKILLS WITH ADD-ON TECHNOLOGIES.
I would like the flexibility in designing our own layout for  page.
However when I do this I get an error message saying;What am I doing wrong?
CLUSTER 3746
It would be very helpful for accountants and bookkeepers if Xero displayed the lock date somewhere in the blue menu bar at the top of every screen in small text.
I would prefer a quick link button to see all of them listed so I can do what I need to do, like re-print an invoice, modify an invoice, modify a bill, etc.
I am already registered for CIS but as a sole trader only need to include details of any deduction incurred when I submit my end of year tax return (not monthly EPS).
CLUSTER 3747
I've gone to comparative balances for 2012 but there is nothing there.
I am a big fan of xero, but i have been experiencing  some issues.
CLUSTER 3749
Or am I stuck making another feature request?
: There is more that 1000 products in single Import Purchase.
I can see that Bartercard NZ is already up and running.
Is there a way to add another AP account?
CLUSTER 3750
It is such a pain to have to try and guess which page an organisation is listed on.
How can I prevent my customers viewing the stripe fees I am being charged.
Is it possible to show salary history for each individual employee?
Mthly salary on first week of the following mth.
CLUSTER 3752
All of the other forum questions I have found are either from the perspective of the company hiring or are not quite right for this situation - please can someone shed some light on what I should do to resolve these transactions.
This is not there yet is this a product issue?Also, unless I am going totally mad (which is possible) where do you enter the tax and YTD gross on form P45?
CLUSTER 3754
(estimated % of tax to income the client should then save and transfer to a personal savings account)
Most of my customers do not have email and we do not need a customer email to place orders or take payments.
Hi,If an employee is off sick for a day or so (not enough to be entitled to statutory sick) how is this recorded?
CLUSTER 3755
How do I categorize it that the 50% received goes into the prepaid account until the remaining balance has been paid.
We currently have a head office that buys in specific goods or services on behalf of our other centres.
My preference would be a button for adding 10 lines at a time at the bottom of an invoice.
HelloJust wondering if anyone has used Quotientapp for their quoting system with Xero and how it works for them?
CLUSTER 3757
Anyone got any experience of Australian pick &pack warehouse service firms?
If you are a user of Xero and serko.travel, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and JobPro Central, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3758
So how do I move/convert the USD amount to the AUD PayPal account so they both sit at $0?
When multiple payments are made to the one sales receipt, it can become confusing for customers.
If you are a user of Xero and Crystal Payroll, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3759
Hi, if we get a suppliers credit note in Files, there is no Credit Note option under "Add to new..".Is this difficult to add?
Any tips?A simple client feedback tool that surveys clients, measures satisfaction and identifies those ‘at risk’ of leaving.
CLUSTER 3760
How can the tax invoice say one date but we have transactions popping up dates later (in new financial periods!
I'm assuming there is a way to handle this other than deleted the bank transaction and manually reconciling the two Xero transactions?Thanks,
I am getting a Revel demo this week and that is one possible route as they are currently doing the integration work with Xero, I undertsand.
CLUSTER 3761
Just wondering if there is anyone out there that would be interested in seeing a field under Suppliers where you can enter your suppliers account no.
HiI'm a sole trader using xero and I need to lodge my annual tax return.
CLUSTER 3763
Hello there,We have internet merchant account is in Singapore Dollars (SGD), which is accepting payment from our Indonesian customers via our website (online payment).Bank account = SGD (Singapore Dollars)Invoice = IDR (Indonesian Rupiah)Let's say invoice A is for  and customer pays from our website.Bank account receives  and auto-convert it into .Hence when we import bank account, we have 2 columns:- IDR value- SGD valueRemember that this bank account is in SGD.
If I do a payrun and hmrc has 3 different categories for say -  loans, PAYE, NIC etc, yet the payment TO HMRC is made in one go from the bank then there is no way to reconcile all of these payments as they don't match.So we could REALLY do with an option to tick multiple transactions , and then match to one invoice (and the other way around - one payment and multiple invoices).
CLUSTER 3765
How do I remove one URL reference for ONE customer that has been issued.
Can I still attach a file or photo to the paid expense claim?
CLUSTER 3767
Not really sure how I managed this, But I tried to 'find & match' entries while reconciling my accounts the other day.
How can I can see multiple/more than one months' view for Budget vs Actuals comparison.RegardsBharat
Hello,How I can use the multi line function to bulk reconcile in the cash coding section.
CLUSTER 3768
Is there any way of generating a report (income etc) by using the branding.
Any tips?Fast, flexible, hassle-free invoice finance.
CLUSTER 3771
Two issues I need help with:#1: We are a t-shirt printing company.
To rectify this I will need to delete an entire statement that has already been reconciled and then re reconcile it.
Any tips?Seamlessly import sales from your online store into your Xero account.
Does anyone know how I remove the ability to pay by credit card from my invoices?
CLUSTER 3772
The bank says that the two incorrect transactions are debits not credits.
I'm not sure where to put in his 20% loading which has to be added, can anyone help.
CLUSTER 3773
This will be particularly useful for BAS time, to be able to filter for those clients who are reconciled to the date needed.
It would be good if the GST report displayed a warning when there are unreconciled transactions in that date range.
CLUSTER 3775
We have 7 different bank accounts, so if an invoice is marked paid, i have 7 accounts to check.
If you are a user of Xero and Benchmarking.com.au, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3776
Is there a quick way of selecting several receipts (purchases) at once and changing the account they have been posted to?For instance, in my chart of accounts I have several payments to one company.
If I am to use values from Xero they need to already be on the report I am adding the formula to, so that would mean this can't be done.Can anyone offer any insight into how I can resolve this?Thanks!
Any tips?Evopos is powerful all in one business management solution, handling POS, CRM, Workshop, Vehicles, Stock Control, eCommerce and much more.
CLUSTER 3777
And I am trying to edit, the account details for charity expenses, Card holder expense to the same account.Is it a good way, we are doing now?
What happened is that Xero created a duplicate transaction with same date and time stamp and matched both to the same outstanding sales invoice.
This is perfect for people that only use Xero to code transactions rather then using the whole Invoice/Bills system etc.
We've just started using Xero so are feeling our way around it.How do we account for interest we receive on our bank account?
CLUSTER 3778
Does anyone know how to make a payment on account in the purchase ledger without allocating it to a specific invoice?
I'd like to fix both these problems but worry about what harm removing/voiding those invoices could do.Anyone have any input?
CLUSTER 3780
Keep in mind I'm a novice, so the more details on specific steps the better since I’m still learning how to do stuff using Xero.Best,Darrin
User will integrate Xero by OAuth authentication for their public applications.My issue is how can i authenticate and call Xero API from background service.
We need to produce a a statement run per brand, which is only currently possible if we manually select from a list of over 1000 customers, very time consuming.
CLUSTER 3782
Are you able to add a PAYG tax withheld line in the Employees template?
If you are a user of Xero and DEFT, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and MembershipWorks, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Ecwid, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and MyCashFlowApp, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Okappy, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Yoco, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and BTCSoftware, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Debtze, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Taxify, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Qwilr, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Flowrev, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Klipfolio, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Midpoint, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Fishbowl, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and LedgerLive, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and TidyBuild, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Corecon, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and MyTrucking, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Neto, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Swipe, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and TaxJar, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Vextras, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Kabbage, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and coreplus, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Sharesight, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ClubHub, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and eWAY , tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ezyVet, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and MyPAYE, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and simPRO, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3785
I also find reversal entry for each amendment, even description, is annoying.
Can anyone help me with the code to create an invoice period (e.g.
CLUSTER 3787
Can someone tell me if the backspace or Esc key can be used to go back a step when looking for information.
The awards are very sketchy with details(probably on purpose) How do you record the depletion of allowed hours of inclement weather?
CLUSTER 3789
If I am thinking this through correctly,  would Xero potentially consider having an extra item within it's payroll set-up,  "Estimated annual RFBA" or similar.
It raises concerns regarding if the correct figures are reported to HMRCI would llke to put forward a request for this error in the software to be corrected.
How did you align the totals in Vend to the totals in Xero?I have been advised by Vend that stock control is a one way street from Vend to Xero.
CLUSTER 3790
In Sage Line 50  can just press F3 to allocate the whole amount.
This is of course means we have a hefty NIC and PAYE contribution to make... which is incorrect.
CLUSTER 3793
This would be especially helpful around tax times etc where they may only need access to the file for a short period of time.RegardsSamantha Tetley
Hello Xero,Since you changed something in the way it searches contacts when you type in the 'To' field on a new invoice, the search is really slow.
CLUSTER 3797
Which account should I reconcile this under?Is there anything else I need to know / do?Any help would be greatly appreciated :)Many thanks,Jody
hi CommunityDoes anyone know of a subcontractor who can help with creating customized docx invoice templates?Many thanks!
I don't want to create thousands of customers so my main customer is Paypal and then I manually input the name of the buyer as a reference (via details).
CLUSTER 3799
Substantial changes to accounting standards regarding revenue from contracts with customers are going to be effective over the next couple of years.
Or am I thinking wrong.How would you have prepared, knowing what you know now?Thank you in advance for any advice, it's much appreciated.RegardsDaniel Webb
CLUSTER 3801
In our sales system each day one transaction totaling both EFTPOS machines is posted to Xero.
If you are a user of Xero and FG Receivables Manager, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3803
on Day Y):Buy inventory worth £100 (= £83.33 + £16.66 VAT)What's the best way to account for the above in Xero?
It would be much handier if there was a selection box next to each repeating journal so that multiple journals could be deleted with ease.
We are allowed to choose different formats, however, is there any way that we could hide the due date of invoice and reference from the printed receipt?
We are looking for a tool that can be automated so that we can use the metadata to post to correct accounts in Xero.Please let me know what you can do to help me with this issue.
CLUSTER 3805
Hi all,I've set up my petty cash as a bank account.When we have expenses we use the petty cash therefore the expenses belong to the company not an individual.However, when an expense is created in Xero, I don't see a way to assign it to the "Petty Cash bank" rather than our main bank account.
Is there a way to set the default list view to NEWEST to OLDEST instead of OLDEST to NEWEST?This is in the account view, for example, "Chart of accounts > Rent", or "chart of accounts > motor vehicle expenses" where I might be looking for an individual transaction to check I've uploaded the receipt.
I receive payments from customers outside the UK via PayPal and then send to my bank account as GBP.When I try to allocate these payments to the invoice in the customers currency it tries to allocate on a 1:1 ratio and doesn't convert the GBP to the currency the invoice was issued in.Is there a way to do this?
When we invoice a client (carpentry business) we need to allocated specific material expenses to each client from supplier of materials bill.We also need to allocated specific hours from timesheets to specific client invoices.Does anyone know if this is an easy process on xero or how it could be done?
The invoice might also be  shown to client on site and discussed as another bridge to managing customer expectation.Added to this would be a print function on the phone app in offline mode only so an invoice could be completed and given to customer, with again the follow up email once in service.
Hi There,Is it possible to sort employee reports by first and last name?There are separate fields for the employees first and last name when they are created, it would be great if you could add a sort feature in reports so they can be sorted by either first or last name.ThanksDarren
I really need it in a consistent format with each account in a reliable row.Is there any way to export all unarchived accounts, so that the format is consistent every time I export?I notice the help page says "The report only displays accounts with budgeted or actual income or expenses for the period."
What has happened on a number of line items is that it has picked up the total bank balance instead of the amount of the customer payment as the line item.Thus a number of incorrect lines as well as a grossly incorrect amount for the Statement Balance as at last refresh of feed (today's date).
I have changed the details on the accounts needed in the chart of accounts to be current liabilities and BAS excluded but when I run a BAS report they are still coming up in the GST Free income section, not the BAS excluded section, which has an obvious effect on the reporting figures (especially the income figure).
Do you run a tight sync where every last detail is imported to Xero, or is there something to be said for keeping all of that data out of the system.I'm not sure how much Xero would suffer with thousands of contacts to load & sort all the time,Not sure which way to go?Thanks for looking at this!Anthony
What is the easiest way to deal with variations of the same product.What i mean is i have a dress it comes in three different sizes and i need to track how many of each item i have?Do i have to create three different inventory items even though it is the same item, same price decripton etc the only difference is the size.
Hello,We are trying to process the payroll to ensure payment prior to the Easter break and all of a sudden, when we try to post the pay run, we are given a raft of errors like this for a number of deductions and reimbursements:"The account for the deduction type 'Travel Allowance - Accom' is no longer active.
I think it should be the last day of the payperiod not the payment date.If the Payroll ended on 31/08 but  the payment was made on the 5/09 then the payroll should show in the GL as 31/08 with an amount showing as due to the IRD and Payroll payable as a current liability at 31/08.
We would like to have our invoices set up so that when our customers receive them there is a dropdown (provided by Fedex) that gives them a choice of shipping options such as next day, ground, etc and based on the weight and zip code gives a price and adds it to the invoice.Is there a simple way to add this to our invoices?
Payroll issue has been dragging out - now into 4th week; was promised update at the start of this week, particularly estimate of time to fix bearing in mind RTI and end of PAYE month is right upon us.Didn't happen; chasing email ignored.Escalation path?
CLUSTER 3806
If you are a user of Xero and StatX, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Dentally, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Tappr, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and regroupTAX, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ApprovalMax, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Sendle, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and NextMinute, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and aXcelerate, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Synergist, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and GoCardless, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and ProWorkflow, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and SmartTrade, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Calxa, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and enableHR, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
If you are a user of Xero and Grappster, tell us how you are getting on and your experience so far.
CLUSTER 3807
Every year in the lead up to June 30, Tax Agents across Australia are reviewing our client lists and lodgement stats with a view to dumping delinquent taxpayers.
I would like to be able to find the amount this employee is actually invoicing on say a weekly or monthly basis so i can compare to how much they are costing.Is this possible in any way?
Job schedule, staff schedule, etc, etc, only for assigned jobs.- Need a tick box to allow permissions for ability to assign manager or assign staff.
CLUSTER 3808
Please let me know if this is a likely possibility for a future feature.
I cant seem to edit those dates so the correct holidays are recorded.
Can I revert that payrun and amend to include the leave taken?CheersJocelyn
CLUSTER 3810
Please can I request that Xero shows the sales invoice reference on the match tab when reconciling transactions.
intelligentpos is a affordable, cloud based EPOS  solution for iPad tailored to hospitality and retail requirements.
CLUSTER 3811
HiI am setting up an new client and would like to know what would be  recommendation for setting up the tax codes associated with Cost of Sales and Inventory (AU).ThanksKathy
Or is there any way we can track the income and expenses PER FLIGHT by putting in the flight number somewhere?Any apps which help provide this reporting level are welcome!Thanks
This is not my first year of trading, but first using any kind of accounting software.Do I need to enter conversion balances, other than opening bank balance for my bank feeds?
CLUSTER 3814
It would be useful to lock into a working date - so that, if for example, you are preparing financial accounts to 31 March 2015 you could lock that date so your don't keep jumping back to current date.
Xero's first response were some work-around suggestions that were useless as the mentioned feature (a + sign on the tax column that lets you ajust the tax amount) is not available in my version of xero.
CLUSTER 3815
Hi there, our company rents an office (an apartment).
We need to change our payroll end period.
However, to date he hasn't employed or paid anyone.
Any tips?Manage receivables with simple clicks.
WHY NOT?Tony Grange- a user - or maybe not for long!
CLUSTER 3816
my created folder is called paid - awaiting rec.I don't really want to create new bills for them all.
This could be made a lot better, most desktop accounting software has been able to do this for years - even Sage!
If it goes over 10 hours then the invoice will show the balance outstanding, otherwise it will be for $0.. And so on for the next month..
Are you supposed to run a payroll without selecting employees just to get to the next pay run date?
CLUSTER 3821
is it possible to sort the inventory item report by quantity sold or total value of goods sold?
We are setting up our employees to use the expense claim option in order to process their credit card expenses.
CLUSTER 3822
This could be solved by having the statement format created in a landscape mode, as the reference field would be longer for more detail.
My transactions are all reconciled correctly as debits/credits, and this problem is consistent throughout all of the imports of my bank feed.
Maybe someone is aware of a way to do this already, but support say there is currently not and have emailed their Product Team.
CLUSTER 3823
I need to be able to run a report showing sales by invoice, showing VAT as a separate item.
How do I transfer the funds from 861 (Shareholder's loan in Current Liabilities) to 970 (Share Capital in Equity)?
CLUSTER 3826
The only way to find this out is to go through all the bank accounts one by one which can be time consuming if having many bank accounts setup.
Hi,Is there a way to create a purchase order where the delivery address (my customer) is different from the invoice address (me, the seller)?Thanks
